How the hell do I stop my vassals from raping me during succession (CK3)

So fucking done with this shit. Tryna reform Rome as the Byzantines and whenever my first character dies all the vassals have a huge fit and then I’m in one revolt, then I’m in debt, then they another revolt and so on. It’s fucking obnoxious and has happened like 3 different tries now. Also I’ll grant someone land to up their opinion of me and the game gives them the title and their opinion remains the same. What the fuck do I do??????? Thanks in advance

You seem like a new player. Empire rank isn’t recommended for beginners. There’s simply too much for you to learn in a short time. ERE is probably the worst empire to start out as Greek vassals love to revolt even more than other vassals.

Build and develop a strong personal domain. Hold as many counties as you can without suffering from being over your domain. Focus on economic buildings first. By having a strong personal domain, you can support a large army. Invest into MAAs. The exact composition is up to you but you want siege weapons to speed up sieges. 

Prepare well for succession. Get know thyself to know when you’ll die of natural causes one year in advance. Make sure your heir has decent diplo and few sinful traits. If your heir sucks, get rid of them by: force him to be a knight, force him to vows, imprison and execute. When your health is poor or you’re old, focus on just saving gold. Only use gold to make some MAAs. 

When your heir takes over, always do the following. Appoint your powerful vassals to your council unless they’re absolute garbage. Host a feast for opinion, set spymaster to disrupt schemes, and martial to increase levy size. You want the powerful vassal who likes you the most as your spymaster. You can kick them off your council later. 

Start people asap focusing on your spymaster, realm priest, spouse, and powerful vassals. You can do internal alliances to hard block vassals from factions or external to call them defensive wars. Hover over the vassals in factions opinion of you. Find out why they dislike you and fix it if you can. Granting land might not be enough because there might be other things. Are you above the domain limit? Are you of a hostile faith? Do you hold too many duchies? 
 
Diplomacy is crucial to holding empires together. If you’re Greek culture, pick the Just trait if you can as it grants extra diplomacy per level of fame. Befriending is powerful as a hard block against factions. Thoughtful to increase opinion from gifts. The overseer branch from the martial lifestyle is also good. It has perks which increases the threshold for factions to fire, increases you control over counties, etc…  you can choose to be feared by executing or torturing people. However, vassals with the Brave trait won’t be intimidated by you. 

Factions might still fire. If you’re dealing with multiple factions, go for white peace. Find out who the war leader is and siege their capital. That should be enough for a white peace. If not, siege down some more counties. Those vassals will be hard blocked from factions for 5 years. However, you have an imprisonment reason against all those vassals. Wait for your strength to build up and arrest the strongest members one by one. Revoke their titles. Call allies in if you have to. You might get lucky in that you can ransom some prisoners. If you’re in a lot of debt, it might be better to just ransom your vassals. You

Seems like you built your empire on a weak foundation.

You need a strong personal domain, really good economy (150g/month or more) and a full maxed out army of heavy infantry and/or cataphracts, all buffed as much as you can. And a few k gold for emergencies.

Also keep your dread between 90 and 100, you have access to castration and blinding. Do that. Terrified vassals don't join factions. Keep at last 10 prisoners for when you die, so your heir can instantly max out dread.

If you don't have all of that, you should probably stay small and set up your realm better. Don't create too powerful vassals, ally with those who are powerful, have a grand court for extra opinion, and don't hand out titles, because people are never satisfied. They'll want more.

And change your vassals from time to time, provoke civil wars, slaughter them, imprison and revoke titles and re-distribute them. Those new vassals will start without money and an army. Old and established vassals are the biggest threat to you.

Try not playing as Byzantium. If you start in Sardinia for the mines and slowly work your way across. Wrap Asatru around Sardinian Culture, this way you can raid for gold and Prestige. Use the war Belli to consolidate your power. Then convert to Christianity so you can set up for Rome later 😉.

Play tall until reaching Partition.

Asatru has the added benefit of Concubines, so if you want to secure that Heir and start a Eugenics program.

You drop the Concubine but keep the heirs upon switching to Christianity.

I suggest doing the Unify Italia first. It grants Man at Arma, Pike Columns and Guilds.

Which is incredibly stong, having 3 High medieval technology in Mid. 

With Sanctioned Loopholes, buy the Byzantium Empire title before making Italia. 

When completing Partition in Mid medieval, use hooks to force it on your Vassals. Pass it as your law as well.  This way when they die, their main title doesn't split. This will keep a United Kingdom and Empire.

Then its just throwing lots of Feasts and keeping Vassals happy. 

If your Vassals are Allied with you through marriage, they cannot join Factions. 

With the mass Piety you have saved as a Pagan through Raiding and war, and in the Theologian skill tree to lower Reforming costs. You should have enough to pass all laws first time through. 

I suggest fundamentalist, Armed Pilgrimage, Mendicant Preachers and Pursuit of Power. These will let you convert faster and efficiently. Also get a FREE Holy Order after your first Pilgrimage on each Ruler.

Your first step is to learn how to build tangible power. Gold is your friend. Build your domain, and protect if in succession. 

Have strong allies. Marry your kids to strong allies. Alternatively you can marry your kids to the vassals kids to make allies with them. They cant join factions if they are allies. 

Have a strong army. 

Be like by everyone with a diplomacy ruler. Or be feared by everyone with dread. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

But in general, learning how to be an actually strong ruler is your first step. Picking the Byzantines without knowing how to be strong will end in your demise every time.

