Feudal vs Tribal

What is the point of switching to feudal? I did it and ever since my empire has been getting raped due to in fighting that I am no longer powerful enough to combat.

If you stay tribal you’re locked tech wise in the tribal era so eventually your tribal combat advantage will mean nothing.

Use it to expanded quickly then switch to feudalism as soon as you can. Aim for empire title and the here is quick strategy perk to know when your ruler dies. Disinheirit ypur heir give him alll your personal titles sabe your highest title and your Capital then Restore his inheritance. Works wonders in early game.

If you stumble into feudalization unprepared, you're getting screwed.

Tribal is powerful in the early era, so use it to raid and stockpile gold and fame, to conquer valuable land, steal competent people, make hybrids for good traditions, steal artifacts. When you're ready, you switch to feudal. Not one single day sooner.

The point of feudal is that is grows massively in economic and military power the longer the game goes on. It's the switch and the early years that is so hard.

Of course, you can stay tribal and keep your useless masses of levies if you think it's the best. Should you for some reason not see the benefit of three eras worth of innovations, of upgrading buildings to lvl 8 and of unlocking some of the best unit types, then you're beyond help.

You need to make money to support your army. When you first switch to feudal, the culture shock of your troops not costing prestige anymore can gimp you if you are not prepared. 

Check your castles and build appropriate money making buildings. Dump your verangian units. They are too expensive for you now. Stick with bowmen. Cheap and effective. When you can comfortably make around 50g/mo then you can consider stacking expensive MaAs, but say goodbye to your levies. They will not be worth the cost to raise them anymore.

Tribal is a series of power spikes. You have the best knights, strongest men at arms, easy gold, easy prestige and easy piety. However, a Tribal ruler will eventually reach a threshold where they can't get any stronger.

Feudal and Clan have much higher potential. Gold becomes more reliable to gain. Men at Arms become stronger. Vassals are easier to control. And most importantly, realms don't dissolve over inheritance.

If Tribal is linear with a series of spikes, Feudal is exponential growth.

Tribal to expand, feudal to develop. You need to pick a good time to do so when you're not likely to get warred to death. Declaring wars in advance to secure post-war truces so you can switch and develop in the 10-year period is an option.

