Some advices for Sword of Islam?

This mod may or may not impact my serendipity right now.

I am playing as the Emir of Sicily (because guess where I am from) and I was managing it pretty well, my shia dream for Italy was shattered when I got pretty much raped by the HRE. Oh well, I was the Duke of Sicily, with all my holdings in North Africa, whatever. By working hard, I managed to get, again, my capital in Palermo, with a nice crown of Sardinia, Tunis and Libia under my control. Sometimes my caliph in Misr helped me.

Thing is, keeping that was utterly impossible, after a few year I got again a holy war from the HRE, despite my Grand Vizir keeping always on shifting from HRE to Rome to Byzantium trying to keep everyone happy.

Dulcis in fundo, when I got expelled again from Sicily, some vassals rebelled, of course getting themselves a holy war from Pisa, so while I was trying to recapture them, those geniuses got raped by whole Europe United, ending themselves by their own choices...
At this point I'm quite getting exhausted. After two centuries as a Random guy in Ireland I got myself an empire, not crushed again for the second time in the empty sands of Libia.

What am I missing? I know that this is a very difficult exp, but it is supposed to make me feel so dumb and powerless? Yup, that's consistent historically, but why then I'm not getting any offer of help by other shia countries, and Christians are?

Blast those infidels!

Marry your daughters to catholic monarchs you're in danger of being invaded from, raise the opinion of the HRE to 100 (don't worry about the Pope unless the Kaiser has a 100 opinion of you or a successful crusade for Jerusalem has already occurred and 20 years have passed since then), focus on trying to use de jure claims where possible so infidel neighbors won't be tempted into joining your enemies because you used a holy war CB. When you *do* have to holy war, try to use it on target duchies that are *in target countries* that don't directly border massive nations like the HRE and Byzantium.

It's a tough game, one you have to be supremely careful in handling. The HRE is a monster, and keeping it appeased until you united Sicily and Africa into a single kingdom should be your topmost goal. After you manage that, you should start acquiring adjunct territories such as Ireland. Stick two merchant republics up there, one in Ulster and one in Munster for the gold, then give all the other titles out either to other dynasts or give all of them to your chosen heir so he has a shitton of prestige/piety when he takes the greater throne. Other ripe targets for conquest include the Baleares islands off Aragon's coast, Cyprus/Crete if Byzantium is weak, Gotland if it's independent of Sweden/Sweden is weak, and Iceland if it's independent of Norway/Norway is weak. When you take those territories, set up merchant republics in them as well. Make sure your laws are minimum city levies but maximum city taxes. The gold you make from merchant dominance will go a massive way toward funding your expansion wars, even against a more centralized power like the HRE. Like a real merchant republic, by controlling so many vassal republics you can use their gold to make mercenaries your primary fighting force, rather than direct levies. From there just start going wild on the HRE's Italian territories, and gradually you'll become a strong enough central power that nobody can stand against you. From there, target the caliph of your religion (preferably you start Shia, so you can ally with the Fatimids early-game and have more holy war targets in Africa for mid-game) and war him constantly until he's landless. If he still holds the title of caliph (I don't remember if it survives on landless characters) kill his family members until it's destroyed. From there, save up 1000 piety and create the Caliph title for yourself. Boom, you're now the strongest Muslim in Europe.

In my Muslim game, I married out huge numbers of my daughters to various Catholic monarchs.  It got to the point where the Holy Roman Empire would answer my call to holy war.

Unite Arabia first. Then go for Italy. At that point you should have enough forces to deal with the HRE. 

