Queen of Hungary won't stay in my Viking rape dungeon?

I recently stole the Queen of Hungary after a siege.  I'm the Tsar of Russia, but I'm also Norse, so I have the option to take her as a concubine.  When I do this, she loses all her claims on the Kingdom of Hungary.  It's like the Queen is replaced by another concubine with the same name.  Is there any way I can produce an heir with her that will have claims on Hungary and Russia?  

Edit: Also, my wife became an (attractive) lesbian a few months after the betrothal, so I don't have a lot of options here.  

Edit 2:  Apparently the King of Hungary is a Sunni, so the Queen I stole is the 3rd wife and didn't have any claims in the first place.  I can only ask for 26 gold in ransom, and the King refuses to pay it.  Better luck next time.  

Edit 3: I just stole a 20-year-old Princess of Hungary, this time with a weak claim on the throne.  Oddly, her deceased father, the former King of Hungary, was blinded and maimed before death.  There is an interesting story somewhere that I'll have to check out.  

Well homosexual is only like a 15% fertility hit, so you should be fine no matter what. 

Is she the ruling Queen or simply the wife of the King?  In the latter case, I think taking her as a concubine essentially divorces her from her husband and makes her no longer a queen.

1. A Queen, who is not Queen in her own right, retains her title only by her marriage, and does not have any actual claims to the Kingdom. When you take her as a concubine, you break her marriage, so she is no longer the Queen of Hungary, she is the concubine of the Tsar. 

2. Lesbians are totally viable options to produce children. Failing this, you can always select a concubine from the various women you've kidnapped in the course of your various adventures.

3. Take that Princess of Hungary as your concubine. You might get a son out of her that could potentially inherit a claim on the Hungarian throne. If she doesn't already have a son, it is entirely possible that, after getting a son out of her, you could press her claim to the Hungarian throne, thereby making your son her heir.

4. How on earth did a Sunni become the King of Hungary?

Browsing /r/new and stumbled onto your post, are rape dungeons a big thing in Crusader Kings? If like, you force a heir between two different nations do they unite? Do you have to rape every nation to win the game?

Lesbian or not, your wife will still want to *Have a Daughter* which bumps her fertility up considerably. Ambition to *Have a Son* and you'Re guaranteed to knock her up. 

I'm on mobile so I can't check this subreddit, and I have no idea what you're talking about. But god damn is this post bizarre and intriguing without context. 

I thought we were trying to phase out these attention-whore /r/nocontext titles

/r/nocontext baiting

