Can anyone give me some advice about my Ironman Khazar playthrough?

[Here's](http://imgur.com/D21scma) my current status, as you can see, I survived the initial rape fest and have pushed the Tengri horselords back. 

Now what I wanted help about was whether or not I should form Kingdoms, even with 500 hours into CK2 I don't really get the advantages vs the disadvantages of holding multiple kingdoms besides the obvious prestige bonuses. 

Also, given my situation, anyone have any advice about how to go further? I'm thinking of destroying Cumania once more (I took Turkmenistan previously) before heading down to Georgia, basically trying to expand as far away from where the Seljuks will show up. I'm sort of worried though because I got this far before and then misclicked and lost everything, so any help would be appreciated.

Thanks in advance. 


Assuming the endgame is forming Israel as the Khazars, i'm not sure if my way is best but i'll try and answer as best I can. 

There's no real value to creating further kingdoms right now, you want every available penny. Finish off the Bolghars and Cumans as quickly as possible, consolidate the conquered lands with a focus on squeezing every last penny out of your kingdom. Once on a secure financial footing fill out your retinues (unlikely to be a lot), hire the three 100 gold horse archer mercenaries (Alans, Pechnegs & Cumans companies I believe) and drive south, focusing on Muslims only.

Horse Archers get ridiculous bonuses to both combat and assaults. Hurl them against the walls of every castle you encounter and they'll pay for themselves while reducing their own maintencance. Use levies when needed but the advantage of the merc/retinue band is that you can mobilize immediately. Just keep going, focusing on rapid invasion, not a slow expansion. 

Saffarid persia looks like it could be a problem but a succesful holy war for Azerbaijain opens up a nice looking path to the promised land. 

Next year in Jerusalem! 

[My Khazar Kingdom of Israel](http://i.imgur.com/oeuRzoR.jpg)


I am amused by "Judea" plastered across the steppes. Time to form Francia and call it Assyria.

