Dealing with Jihad madness

So I'm trying yet again for Pax Romana with Byzantium from the 867 start. I've been pretty good at securing my rule over southern Italy and up to rome if I can get my chancellor to forge a claim (by the way, why is it that the northern Italian provinces require a causus belli while the south has it built in?!? Freakin' annoying especially when it is coupled with the 10 year truces)

But when I try to expand into the south and east, I'll take a few provinces and then see that Islam can now call a jihad. A few months or years later, the caliph will call a jihad and I get viciously and repeatedly anally raped by caliph & co. 

I've ragequitted so many times because of this. I've been building 100% cataphract retinues but when the jihadis come through I may as well be sending out Unferth the Unready out to fight the entire horse by himself!

The key to defeating the muslims is to destabilize them as much as possible before the jihads are triggered. Holy war the hell out of independent muslims, and look out for when the caliphate is undergoing a decadence revolt or shia caliphate uprising. During the revolt, declare a Holy War for land that will pretty much be uncontested while they fight the decadence revolt, then if the new caliphate is sufficiently weak, declare war on them as well. This might be unlikely because of leftover event troops from the decadent revolt, but it's still possible.

I managed to crush the muslims as the Armenian vassal of the Byzantine empire. I cut off fellow dukes from Holy Warring the independent muslim states and gathered them all under my vassalage. When the Shia Caliphate declared war on the Abbasid Caliphate for Mesopotamia, I had an uncontested Holy War on the Abbasid Caliphate because their forces were destroyed by the Shia. Then after the Shia carved out their own land, I declared war on them to take even more land. I triggered the Jihads when I retook Jerusalem, but that triggered the Holy Orders for the Orthodoxy, meaning gaining more land was even easier. Note, this is while I was still a vassal of the emperor, and not the emperor myself.

The only threat that ever came from the muslim world was when the Seljuks emerged and retook Mesopotamia, but they soon vied for independence after I managed to destroy most of the Seljuk doomstacks. Retaking those lands was simple. After getting most of Jerusalem and Mesopotamia under my rule as the Queen of Armenia, I finally was able to press my claim to the Byzantine Empire against a 5 year old empress. I defeated her and am now the Empress of the Byzantine Empire.

I, of course, executed the little girl before she could challenge me for the throne with her strong claim or bear heirs to inherit the claim.

It's possible to beat a Jihad if you're careful and play defensively.  It's great when you do too, because you get to build a triumph that gives you a vassal opinion bonus.  

The better solution though is to only fight Jihads when you're ready.  It's a bit gamey, but if you know what the actual triggers are you can avoid them for a while.  The fun only gets started if any of the following provinces are held by a non-Muslim: Jerusalem, Mecca, Baghdad, Damascus, Cairo, Marrakesh, Tunis, or Al Dzajir.  Tip-toe around those and you're safe.  

When I play as the Byzantines, the first one I usually come across is Damascus.  It's probably smarter to grab Jerusalem first though, because that triggers the Orthodox holy order, which is super helpful.  

>northern Italian provinces require a

Just get a claimant to the whole of Italy, land them, and take it all in one war. 

Funny, I had taken the Kingdom of Syria by 887 in my latest game as Byzantium, seized a bunch of minors near Armenia, fended off a jihad, and picked up Baghdad to boot. Felt like a very easy start to me, all those small muslim states that can be holy warred on separate truce timers. I'd be curious about the details of how it goes so wrong for you.

Do you have the Varangs? I was able to create them with the money and prestige I got for fighting off the initial assault by the north african sultanate I forget the name of, the one fighting in Italy. Varangian Guard + retinues + 75 "Defending against Infidels" vassal opinion was enough for me to muster a force strong enough to smash the jihad stack by stack. I was outnumbered, but their troops arrived in trickles rather than as a single stack, and I moved swiftly to crush those stacks before they could reinforce.

You could see about trying to put a pretender on the throne of Bulgaria. Use de jure claim to seize their capital (it borders you initially), hold the province until a claimant is willing to join your court, give province to claimant, press their claim, gain entire kingdom at a stroke. Then wait a year for troops to build up, and you'll have a lot more strength with which to fight the jihads.

I just started a game as the Byzantines in 867 too, and not to hijack at all, but don't you find it irritating that you can't conquer larger swathes of land? I can't seem to find any opportunities other than Holy Wars to conquer more than one county at a time, it's bloody irritating.

On my play through (867)to reform Rome I started out as a minor duke that owns the toe of Italy. Two counties (revoked the count so I owned both counties) and declared war on every independent count out self styled duke. I also fabricated claims on everything already under the ERE banner. I used a created character with almost 30 intrigue so it was fairly easy. When I could I snatched up parts of Sicily and when I did my son formed a kingdom. At this point the old emperor appointed my spymaster (the old one was killed when his brand new railing broke. Odd, rumors of sabotage were involved too) so I'm the spy guy and how odd his heir was killed in a robbery gone wrong. His 3 year old daughter is next in line for the throne. O no a snake got into the emperor's bedroom, most unfortunate. Now I Will be regent. Everyone hates little girls and I used her troops to put down a massive rebellion that occurred. My troops never seemed to make it. Then after the rest of the empire had no troops I took over in a mostly bloodless coup. Then I took the balkins shortly after. At this point I was so far ahead of the Muslims I didn't worry about thirty silly jihadists.

"So I'm trying yet again for Pax Romana with Byzantium from the 867 start. I've been pretty good at securing my rule over southern Italy and up to rome if I can get my chancellor to forge a claim (by the way, why is it that the northern Italian provinces require a causus belli while the south has it built in?!? Freakin' annoying especially when it is coupled with the 10 year truces)"

The south of Italy is de-jure part of Byzantium, the North is not. 

Trick is to mend the schism, that way most likely some of the duchies needed will be held by now-heretical Catholics that you can holy war.

Do everything possible to tank Sunni/Shiite MA. Do lots of Holy Wars outside of normal Muslim territory (avoiding Iberia) and join in lots of Holy Wars against them.

Less MA means more heresies, which means fewer allies for the Caliph. That was my strategy as Spain.

Take Antioch and Jerusalem as fast as possible so that you get Orthodox holy order and vassalise them. Try to take as much as possible of de jure of your empire, Serbia, Croatia, Bulgaria, Georgia, Sicily and Armenia. Also try to spread Orthodoxy to Slavs and Nomads. First thing they won't become Muslims and join jihad against you but will come to your aid. Try to ally with some Catholic king. Kill Seljuk!!! He is more powerful than Jihad with his 100k+ force.

Defend in hills and on other side of river banks.
They will Jihad Armenia and there is plenty of that there.

Other strategy is to avoid Jihad and do not conquer Jerusalem until you own whole Italy and Syria. But I don't suggest this since you will lose your +10% moral authority and Sunni will get. 

