This game is crazy!

I just got the game today and I've been playing the tutorial mission. I knew that my king was going to die at 40 but I underestimated the sheer chaos that would break down afterwards.

I had a plot out to kill one of my brothers with it set to auto-gather people. I check up on it after awhile and notice that his wife is on the list. Some years later we finally kill him and I inherit the entire Castillan kingdom. Cool, things are going well. No one really hates me too much, then tragedy strikes. The King of Leon dies unexpectedly at 40 years old. 

His six year old son inherits the throne and the kingdom proceeds to get raped by regents and civil wars. For some reason despite them all more or less loving the king they HATE his son. I've fought off 3 or 4 civil wars, losing a bit of land after each time and end up with just my starting 4 or 5 counties. Then I get overthrown by some uncle I didnt even know I had and was relegated to being the lord of just one county. 

Sometime after that a group of loyalists springs up and before long I am replanted as the king of my original kingdom. Finally things are looking up again. I finally come of age and kick the regents out for ruining our country. I press a claim and reclaim about half of the land I had lost after the unification of the kingdom. Then all hell breaks loose, all of my neighbors decide they don't like me and I am forced to fight off two wars, one of which required a large amount of mercs, draining my coffers from about 2500 to just a couple hundred. I have managed to broker out white peace with both of them resulting in a net loss in prestige for them. It's been a wild ride and I'm curious where it will go next. 

Welcome to the fold, you have yet reached the inner sanctum of ***knock knock***

Give me a moment to see what that is!

Oh its the Byzantine emporers guard what do they want?

Aaaaaaand I'm in the dungeon. 

Aaaaaand I'm castrated for shits and giggles.

Aaaaand I have no kids. 

Fuck.

I've been playing this game with my wife, with both of us as Byzantine dukes trying to seize the empire. Every single game ends in colossal shit RNG for me, with my ruler either dying childless despite my best efforts and hundreds of gold in gifts, or committing suicide due to the depression of I dunno... killing every neighboring count?
 
This game makes me want to hate it sometimes. @OP: You have been lucky, at least you aren't getting bent by RNG with a swift game over :P

It took me a good 30+ hours to feel like i comfortably understood the game. read a few articles on succession stability and youll be fine... or at least as fine as the game lets you be.

