Mod idea: Casualties

Hello fellow rulers of the continents.

Having played through a few campaigns, and a truckload of saves where I stop 20-100 years in upon having "achieved" my personal goal...

..Well, I feel like there is a thing I, as a sadistic, son inprisoning, mother impregnating, sibling murdering, enemy slaughtering, peasent hating, majestic king, really need. A Civilian casulties counter. Basicly, a mod that, for each battle, racks up a number of people who were slaugthered, women who were raped and children who were... well both!

Being able to see which of your rulers over a full game, was the most fearsome beast, would really put things in perspective.

We have all heard/read about people like Stalinn, Hitler, Mao and Genghis Khan, killed off massive amounts of civilians.

Perhaps something with additional flavor events, like if you stay in a besieged town for more than 5 days after the siege, you get to choose between letting your troops entertain themselves (Rape the women!!), moving out (burn the village!!) or perhaps gather the children of the village before you, and then additional popups could be used to either chop them down or whatever you twisted mod makers can imagine.

Now obviously, raping, burning down or killing off the children, should have some effects on you as a leader. like +25% more love from vassels in the counties/duchys/kingdoms you already hold, and -25% from the newly conquered land.

I could see myself trying to kill off atleast 60 million people, over the lifespan of one great beast of a king, just to "beat" Mao's score.

[deleted]

For balance: Cruel trait (like in vanilla Greek castration/blinding decisions), and more levies but lower morale. And I'm afraid it would make the game very laggy, unless you limit these to players only.

I don't think it's possible really.

Well, for starters, Paradox are a bunch of pussies when it comes to this kind of thing. I wanted something similar in HoI3 to decimate manpower. They associated that with Jews getting clipped or some other bullshit. 

There's a huge difference between strategic genocide and <insert other motive here>. I'm sorry, but if I know that a certain area is filled with people who would love nothing more than to cut my throat, I'm exterminating them.

Anyway, yeah. I agree with you. In addition to raping my siblings, I'd also like to take part in a little mass murder. 

And for you pussies out there - think of it this way: You can be ultra satisfied when those horrible people are eventually executed by do-gooders. :)

