Adapting Feudalism as a tribal superpower.

Hello my Lords and Ladies.

Right now I am a Polish King with a country spanning from Hamburg to Volga. Basically, my kingdom is larger than Polish-Lituanian commonwealth was in its golden age. Catholicism was earlier introduced in the Volga regions, than it was in Hamburg.

However I seem to be currently in a trap of tribalism: I have to raid to get money (1$ a month from taxes is ridiculous), than those raided provinces just ask to be annexed, I get prestige, I get tribal troops, I raid more and my empire grows (mostly outside, as I dont get that much money to really reinvest it in province upgrades). Right now I have too many vassals and too many provinces (even with one duchy per nobleman).

But as soon as I try adopting feudalism everything falls apart: Vassals get pissed (that was expected) and everyone and their grandmother grab their swords because dinner is served and tonight we have for dinner some Polish borders with a side-serving of independence revolts.

Even with some savings (around 500 for mercs) the treasury quickly runs dry, so forget about upgrading the holdings.
Got a good period for reforms with a last monarch who lived for 81 years and had some good traits, but now as his grandson I first have to beat up my uncles to make sure they don't rebel.

So here's the question for you redditors: How to introduce feudalism in your tribal kingdom effectively (and don't tell me that I should've adapted it earlier when playing a small duchy, as it was impossible due to religion [would got raped the second after conversion]).

>How to introduce feudalism in your tribal kingdom effectively

Instead of trying to upgrade your land, just conquer a bunch of land that's already upgraded, and when the majority of your land is feudal, then you can convert, and you'll have enough men from the feudal half of your kingdom to suppress the tribal half, until it is also feudal.

As rendamar said, conquer feudal lands. Make at least half of your demesne up from conquered feudal provinces. If you have a demesne limit of, say 8, if 4 or 5 of your demesne provinces are already feudal when you adopt feudalism, you'll have a good strong personal levy ready.

Convert to Islam - hold 10 provinces and build market village in all of them. Conquer some feudal lords so you can have a retinue of decent size. Save up 5-8k and adapt feudalism. 

Grab rulership focus for that 400 gold holding event. Build few cities and temples.

Really, you should have prepared for this earlier. Build market villages in your demesne starting in the provinces with the most empty holdings, which easily nets you plenty to upgrade and construct new hillforts for your vassals and yourself, as well as allowing you to enlist a mercenary company without going negative. 

Forging alliances with large neighbors is a must, as they'll be your pillar during the transition when an opportunistic neighbor inevitably declares war. From the looks of it, you have a large enough dynasty to send out daughters to surrounding kingdoms to back you in wars, as well as preventing them from attacking you. 

Ensure that your vassals have all positive opinions of you, and if there are negatives, a gift can easily skyrocket their opinion of you. Keep a close eye on the factions tab after you convert to note those troublesome vassals involved in several plots, and be sure to send a gift their way to eliminate faction power. 

Doing these three things made my adoption of feudalism relatively smooth, with only 2 counties revolting which I easily put down, and a war from a neighbor I easily subdued in thanks to a well forged alliance. And incase you're wondering, I did this as the empire of Russia, so I was pretty much at your size, most likely larger.

Ok I got a little update for all my lords and noble ladies. who thankfully answered.

I tested adapting feudalism with 5-10k cheated gold and it was enough to peacefully make the transfer.

Therefore I reverted my save, decided to raid my neighbours to get such amount of money, build lvl 2 towns everywhere i can and upgrade all duchy capitals (after my own provinces of course).

In a couple of years with around 60 years of age (prestige and opinion bonus to all) I took the decision to adapt feudalism. Thanks to my earlier efforts all of my enemies were fighting civil wars.

Additionally to secure extra funds I conquered Moldova and created a merchant republic duchy vassal (later I will probably imprison and kill him to get his stash of gold).

Right now I managed to advance crown authority in the very first days and earn more than 6 gold with all levies raised.

If no civil war springs out of nowhere (and seeing as most of my vassals rather like me and the rest are either children or in prison it is rather far from happening) I may consider the transformation a full success.

Oh yeah, ps: Didn't have to conquer France or any feudal countries, they are far more usefull as my allies.

