Questions about a jewish play through

http://imgur.com/PimAjWO current state of affairs
tl;dr at bottom

So I have been able to take the kingdom of abyssnia, and the kingdom to the north, had to load back to an earlier save because.. well you can guess what happened.

Dealing with moral authority struggle? juggling revolts because unable to convert counties. Only 1 holy site is feasible to grab seeing as its not apart of the blob (yet).

How to handle the rape train that is sunni? Leader of abbisad has around 30-40k troops to swing around, I know your supposed to handle a stack at a time, I can handle an 8-9k stack but not back to back to back to back. No real mercenaries to speak of down in east africa, 2 2500 troops for 225 each 10per month econ cant support that.

Isnt the empire supposed to be unstable? checked the opinion of his vassals and all but 3 (yes three) have less than 50 towards him. That said there is little to no chance for me to push his vassals into a revolt.

How do I convert into the other jewish culture? non etheopian, The one that the mysterious wandering jews have.

Not on topic, How long does it take for vassal republics to actualy start doing stuff? people have been there for like 20 years and no trade posts.

tl;dr 
Jewish county in east africa is hard mode, how do I get good?

Invade Socotra, creat a claim on the Maldive islands and then invade India. Now you'll have extra manpower and can boost MA by holy warring Hindus and Jains.

As far as I've been able to tell, an 867 or 769 Semien start is physically impossible unless you get luckier than [this guy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frane_Selak).

Even getting as far as you have I've only seen in a handful of circumstances. Most of the time, one of the Christian nations declares holy war and drags in all the other Christian nations to come sodomize you. I attempted this playthrough dozens of times and never got beyond 2 decades, most of the time dying in only a few years.

Edit: As for switching to Ashkenazi or Sephardi, don't. Since there are no Ashkenazi or Sephardi provinces on the map, the only way to get a province to convert is to use the tribal "settle tribe" option.

Are you sure it's a merchant republic, and not a regular republic? You should see trade posts after 1 year, because they build them immediately after the republic is founded and the build time is 1 year.



Sent email to Khazablob They will help They fellow shekel, Escape to india bro there is no way to survive.

If I lose/surrender to a holywar can the victors still join a diffrent holy war against me? ill gladly trade a tribal dutchy to liberate more shekels 

Save all your money for mercs, and expand in big bursts when the opportunity arises. Keep moving your capital to greener pastures every generation. And never let your chancellor wander from the caliphs capital. Be prepared to wait for the Abbasids to implode. For a looooong time. Use that time to build up gold.

As for becoming Ashkenazi, ethnically and culturally, character search for "my religion" and "not my culture", invite any who will have you, land them, make sure they marry, and get them to educate your heir. Simple. (aside from the horrific factionalism you face first from having a half-Ashkenazi realm that hates you, and then a half-Ethiopian one)

