Recommendation for a Viking Playthrough

I want to be a viking. I want to raid, pillage, and rape Christian towns and temples. Any recommendations for a character, startdate, mods, etc.? Also role play suggestions? I was thinking uniting the Norse people and pushing back the Christians, but I remember reading about someone who played it so they made a newly conquer foreign land their primary holding each generation.

I have all the DLCs, and am using the CK+ mod. 

Sigurdr Ring in Charlemagne is "easy mode" for viking starts. Sweden is in a powerful position with moderately rich lands that are divided and easy to conquer, and he's guaranteed a good heir in Ragnar "Lodbrok". 

The sons of Lodbrok in The Old Gods are good too, either Bjorn Ironside or Sigurdr Snake-In-The-Eye if you want to play tribal, or Halfdan Hvitserk if you want to play feudal. 

A slightly harder but still pretty promising start is Haraldr "Fairhair" of Ostlandet from The Old Gods. Norway has lots of easily conquered provinces and lots of ports for raiding, and gives you a moderate "rags to riches" start.

If you want to play it hardcore, you want Eirikr "The Heathen" in the Stamford Bridge bookmark, the last pagan king of Sweden. If you can make it to the Fylkirate with him, you deserve a round of applause.

A fun Norse play through is the mod 'After The End' in post-apoc America. You can play as either nomadic, tribal, feudal or republic viking in modern Wisconsin/Minnesota. I can recommend the republic one, in Superior. From there you got plenty of easy targets for plunder, including New York..

As for vanilla CK2, The Old Gods as Sjaelland (Denmark) is a fairly easy and fun start. You can conquer part of Norway, move your primary title there and take the "Claim Norway" ambition to quickly try to form Scandinavia, from there you're pretty much unstoppable.

Ivar the Boneless hasn't been mentioned yet so I'll plug him. He starts in western Scotland at The Old Gods and is in the Sons of Ragnar Lothbrok Invasion event and is still tribal. He starts with a nice stack of event troops and the first war is pretty easy to win. From there, conquer Irish and Scottish counties until you have enough land to form a custom kingdom OR conquer Scotland.

