When have you got lucky in the game?

So, when has Fortuna smiled upon you, even when you were incesting and seducing everything that moves? My examples:

#1: Playing as Persian Zoroastrian Emperor, young with no kids, trashing Ummayads in Tlemcen or Fes, and as the war concludes, I go to my dungeon and lo and behold- young, childless Ummayad wench with an inheritable claim on Hispania. And then I got even more lucky as my heir was her kid too. Needless to say, Hispania was raped next generation.

#2. Same campaign, similar situation.  I'm fighting in Aquitania, and I capture the queen consort who also has a claim to Italy. Concubinage ensues, I convert her to Zoroastrianism, conquer Italy for her and mere month before she died, she gives me an heir.

#3. Pictish campaign. I'm having a claim on Italy, which just got conquered by a host. I'm already having entire Britannia, Frisia, Middle Francia and Burgundy, and on the way to Nice, a nice chunk of my army dies of attrition, so I'm actually outnumbered now. In what has to be one of more idiotic moves, AI attacks me while I'm on a mountain and get crushed to kingdom come in the process. Pretty much a defining moment in that campaign.

EDIT: I don't know why everything is bolded, sorry guys.

Honestly bold made it more intense. I read it like a commercial. GOT NO HEIR??? NO PROBLEM JUST TAKE THAT PRISONER AS YOUR CONCUBINE WITH THR CLAIM DOUBLE WIN. EXPLOSIONS

I was trying to create HRE, but because i didn't have Italy yet i needed to create empire of germany before my lands split because of gavelkind, forcing me to spend another few decades uniting them again. I had nearly 80% of the territory, only Saxony (with my dynasty on the throne) was left out. I couldn't attack them, because only viable CB was my weak claim, which i couldn't push because i was unable to meet the conditions. I was over 60, coming to terms with my failure, when a message appeared from a faction leader in Saxony saying they're gonna force their liege to abdicate in my favor. Weeks later, Empire of ~~Germany~~ Moravia was born :3

Was playing a norse multiplayer campaign with my cousin. Just to show him the potential of being a viking, I raided the HRE capital, captured a princess, produced a baby, and claimed the HRE. Very fun.

Playing an mp game with my brother. He was the duke of Anjou and I was the duke of Berry in the same dynasty.

I married a danish princess with some brothers and with multiple and patient assassinations, my wife became queen of Denmark. 

Meanwhile, my brother married a HRE princess who inherited the empire with a faction when the emperor died... 

Started as a Norse count, became Duke of Normandy and was fighting to put a different dude on the French throne.  I wanted to put a Capet on the throne, but the Capet himself stayed loyal to the King and ended up leading his armies.  I attacked them at Orleans (capital of France at the time) and killed the guy I was trying to crown, woops.

Basically, the war ended immediately, and five years later my ruler died of pneumonia.  However, my son had a nice weak claim on the Kingdom of England, so I quickly knocked out the Anglo-Saxons and usurped the Wessex kings.  Not a year into my rule, the old King of France declares war on me, he's a little upset about losing Normandy.  I start loading my troops onto boats, ready to defend my duchy, when the war comes to a sudden end with me as the King of France.  Much to my surprise, the son of the Capet that I tried to crown formed a faction and made me King of France as well.

tl;dr I became King of France because I accidentally killed the guy I was trying to make King of France

Just started a byzantine campaign as a very minor vassal. Old gods start, the count of Malta. 

Managed to holy war sicily with the help of an ally and murdering the strategos of Sicily the emperor gave the title to me. Though I lost it but had a stroke of luck: The emperor went incapable so I just stole his title for myself.

50 years or so and managed to create kingdom of sicily, hoarding every single province for myself. I was really powerful, almost rivaling the emperor. Went intrigue route and caused some internal chaos, the following emperor were all disliked by vassals and threw the country into turmoil. Finally I was elected to lead Byzantium.

Insanely everyone loved me from the start and I had no problems turning elective into primogeniture. All this took barely a 100 years. I don't even know why I decided to do it. I guess I haven't done a Rome campaign yet.

Struggling to stay financially afloat in a merchant republic after a Great Holy War depleted my war chest due to mercenaries, I finally got my first dynastic Jomsvikings leader. Made him designated heir and arrested a guy to abdicate immediately. 91000 gold immediately, in ironman.

Playing as Bohemia.
Subjigation insues.
I'm defending a bunch of tiny wars but a near-unified scandanavia comes with a deathstack slightly bigger than mine.
Realize right before battle I have shit-tier commanders.
Battle starts and I pause.
Martial of his commanders: 26, 28, 22
Mine: 16, 10, 8
Timetobeavassal.jpg
Unpause to get a pop up:
Your men have have cornered blah blah blah and slew him.
Ok whatever.
2 seconds later.
Your men have cornered (bjorndyretryggvewhatever) and slew him.
You can guess my next pop up.
Less than 3 seconds into the battle and al 3 of his generals were dead and my undeserving army was barely victorious, which gave me just enough momentum to win the war.
Luck>skill

I was playing an independent Thakur in India somewhere, and I decided to swear fealty to a nearby Maharaja. Said Mahajara was old and had no family, so one of his councillors would inherit the kingdom. Surprise, he appointed me his Spymaster! Double surprise, I became his heir!

Absolutely no surprise, he died from drinking poisoned wine a week later.

Many moments! (Thuringia start, 769)

* Managed to marry a child to the Saxon royal family. A bit later, while West Francia authority laws held back my inner expansion, the Saxon Queen (my kinswoman) was losing the elective vote to... me. My little County of Plauen made me an eligible candidate. 
And I won! Hooray! I'm a king! I can do EVERYTHING! It made my life quite easier.

* Well, not quite. Decades later, a Finnish warlord decided to Adventure Time my kingdom. He had 2 stacks of 6k troops, while I barely had one with 4k (just finished a war). His conquest of Saxony was pratically assured - his stacks, unmolested; my future, bleak. All my hopes were in those tiny ships coming all the way from... Byzantium. How that could be, you ask? Almost a century earlier, when I had at most 3 counties, I managed to slip a matrilinear marriage to the heir of Byzantine Empire (or he was the second in line and the older one died, dunno). Not only it became my forever ally, it became Catholic as well!
The Greek doomstacks saved the day back then. From that day on, I try to help the Byzantines as much as possible (It's 1150 and they're still strong!)

* After getting all the de jure counties of Germany and creating that kingdom, my wife died. Looking for a new one, I discovered that the Bavarian queen, at her tender 15 years old, was all alone and un-betrothed! I quickly seized the opportunity; as she matured into a full-blown germanic beauty, she gave me a son - but promptly died a year later.
I managed to elect the fruit of our passion (she was queer, but couldn't resist my audacious *Erfurt*, so to speak) as the first Kaiser of the Empire of Germania. Of course, I was some tech upgrades away from Imperial Administration, so the empire was basically an enormous kingdom.

* Minding my own business beating Italy out of my future HRE lands, I received an event saying that Middle Francia dukes created a faction and wanted to put ME as their king. Their actual king surrendered after 1 week of fighting and then I got the de jure lands of old Karloman (plus some Frisian, Brittanian and Irish lands). Karl der Grosse lands are still with France, but they're so weak it's a question of *when*, not *if* I'll grab them all.

* Managed to slip a child in the Polish royal family, and now my dinasty controls it. I'll save my Anchluss for later, regarding it.

* The Swedish king had twins. Gave the Kingdom of Norge (which was under his power back then) to one and nothing to the other. I manage to matri-marry a daughter to the second, just looking for an alliance. For some reason (I guess Gavelkind), the second son inherits Denmark and now I have another forever ally. It's been hard to find a non-von Thürigen to marry my kids these days.

* My nephew, who I installed as vice-king of Pomerania, had a claim on Lithuania. He pushed it and I helped him... now Lithuania and some extra counties are all under my rule. It's good to be the Emperor!

* Back some rulers before the Bavarian event, I had to destroy the Kingdom of Saxony title to avoid losing it on election to someone else that wasn't my heir. Centuries later, while thinking how to create it again (and give it as a vice-kingdom to ease my rule), my queen cuckolds my ruler and I send her back to her parents. I'm looking for another lovebird when... *deja vù!* the female heir of Kingdom of England is all alone and un-betrothed, while her mother is too old to give more children to her husband. I marry her and she produces a kid, who receives a small county and a vice-duchy to vote on himself for both Kingdom of Germania (which holds my 2 duchies) and the Empire. Also, as I educated him with a nice Anglo-Saxon pal of mine (duke of south Ireland), he'll get both England clay and the Saxony title!

**TL;DR: luck game me a kingdom when I was a duke not able to expand, other 2 kingdoms (and an empire!) via marriage, another kingdom because I was a competent war-winner and 3 forever allies!**



My latest pre-Conclave game i started as the Skjöldungs of Sjaelland in the CM start, after farming some prestige by winning some tribute wars against some poor Norwegian OPMs, I declare my Subjugation war against Saxony (for some reason the Karlings doesn't come knocking if you conquer it before the event is triggered), win it, then with perfect timing my ruler dies, just as the af Munsös are done subjugating the two southern duchies of Sweden, their forces depleted, I then declare subjugate war by my second ruller on Svidjod and their new duchies, win that, and with some volutary vassalisation from the other Norse OPMs of Norway and the rest of Sweden, all of Denmark+Saxony+Norway+Sweden was mine just 4 years into the game. Oh and Karloman survived and Charlemagne went Cathar :-) That was a nice game.

Byzantine campaign as Romanos Diogenes, after defeating the seljuks the Caliph decided it was time to holy war the seljuks ( who were mostly yazidi). It was a long grinding war which left me in the top spot between the three. I was able to gain three things: the duchies of Alexandria and Jerusalem, a temporarily weakened seljuk state and a permenantly weakened Fatimid Caliphate.

**Got siege commander at the start of Haesteinn campaign** 

1. Trying to form the Glorious ~~Incest Anarchist Republic of New Persia~~ the Persian Empire ~~2.0~~ as Karen. Attacking some muslim that I can't remember. I have 3700 and he has something around 5000-5500. He attacks me in the mountains, I win the battle and the war

2. As William the Conqueror, Hardrade dies, so it's me 1v1 Goodwin. I got incapable a month later

Started as Wessex Old gods start, pushed the vikings out of the British Isles, created the Empire of Britannia and got a uncle on the throne of Castile which later became the Empire of Hispania. One of my daughters needed a spouse, I found a genius son of the Basileus who I was able to get a matrilineal marriage with. Fast forward 10 years, the Basileus dies and his firstborn inherits the ERE. Fastward 4 more years and the Firstborn son is dethroned by a faction, guess who got the ERE... Yep the guy that I had got a marriage with my daughter. About a year later the guy dies of illness, my  granddaughter inherits the ERE, but something weird happens... the ERE is destroyed. Probably wondering how that's good for me? The doux's now having to fend for themselves are slowly eaten by the Muslims and then 20 years later, I get the pop up for the crusades starting due to the ERE losing land, guess the pope had his fingers in his ears for the past 2 decades. 

The first Crusade is against Tengri Hungary... which happens to have the rest of the steppes under it's control. I join the crusade to get another kingdom. I win Hungary and start eating the remnants of the Doux's. I create the latin Empire and then give it to one of my brothers. The House of Wessex now rules the city of the world's desire and controls 3 of the world's empires, Britannia,  Hispania, and the Latin Empire. 

side note: The Makedon dynasty ended up as rulers of Italy somehow.

17k of my Byzantine troops engage 21k Muslim troops, but I can't remember the terrain. We won with only 2k casualties. 

Had Scotland and Ireland, heir had England allowing me to form Brittania on death. Heir also had a weak claim on HRE, which had just fallen to the hands of a 6 year old empress sparking 4 separate revolts. I wade in and pick off the weakened reserves of the Roman army, quickly squash the revolts and 12 years before the game ends claim a second empire title.

It is bolded because of the \#

