How to impregnate my celibate wife?

I was overjoyed when I found that the Holy Roman Emperor would give me, a lowly count in France, the hands of his sister who is also his heir though not to the Reich due to its being Elective but does to all his duchy and county holdings, and who does has a weak but heritable claim to HRE.

However, my happiness quickly turned to ashes as soon as we consummated our marriage. Or failed doing so I guess, since I just realized that if she is celibate, I assume she must have resisted most vehemently against all my advances. Now this must be the reason to the strange willingness of that SoB of an emperor to dispose his sister so under her status.

Now, how can I make her produce at least one heir for me? I won't shrink back from raping her if there is such an option, I have gone that far in CK2.

Edit: and I don't think marital rape was a thing in Middle Ages.

Better start making bastards.

> a lowly count in France, the hands of his sister who is also his heir

That was your red flag, even if it isn't all that red.

You cannot, some say it is technically possible celibacy being based on percentages, some say it is not. All agree that is is very unlikely no matter how many pro-fertility things you stack you cannot negate the astronomical odds of -1000% fertility. 

She is always going to say no.

Kill her, or stroke the Pope with both chancellor and court chaplain until you can divorce her. 

Lol not that he would probably grant you a divorce from such a pious and celibate Christian woman.

You will not overcome her celibacy. That emperor's sisters are always celibate, I do not know why. It could be a reflection on history, it could be a minor balance measure. His sisters are often useful just for getting him into an alliance and using him like a wrecking ball, and with no danger of later claimants. 

Optionally take seduction father a bastard with another women, legitimize him.

I think if you've got Cynical and/or (I think and) Lustful you can talk her around; if you're willing to 'cheat', you could probably use the console to delete it and add an appropriate opinion modifier.

It might be gone now but there used to be an event chain if you were lustful and your wife was celibate where you convince her to drop it.

[deleted]

If you are lustful and she is cynical, a rare event can fire that makes her lose celibacy.  Otherwise only console commands or mods will help.

If you're not on iron man you could always use the console

The correct command is: pollinate (her ID) (your ID). Type in charinfo first to find the ID's for the character, they'll show when you hover over their portraits. 

r/ShitCrusaderKingsSay

also yeah. Chance is lowered but you'll still get a few kids


EDIT: Nope, you won't I was thinking of Chaste

Try using the focus to seduce her

Seduction focus and get some bastards. That's pretty much your only option. 

