How the fuck do you even live as Karen.

Seriously.


I got the Old Gods a while back, and I decided, "hey, xwedodah? That's great lets go Zoroastrian" 


So I try out the Karen Satrapy. Oh boy. First time around I stay as a strong, independent satrap who doesn't need no-one to tell him he's beautiful.


Surprise surprise, its the fucking muslims. Fuck those guys. After every muslim leader and his four wives tries to rape me, I decided to quit. I also don't have the option to convert to muslim because GUESS WHICH DUMBASS THOUGHT SWORD OF ISLAM WAS UNNECCESSARY. THAT'S RIGHT, ME.


Well, I search the topic in this subreddit, and I see a bunch of people telling me I should bend over and swear fealty the the Samanids. Fine. Except now I can't holy war. Booooo. I take bukhara (as suggested). Except I also don't have conclave, so I can't force Khiva into elective and declare myself ruler. That's pretty shitty. I take like 2 more counties through claims then go for the independence war. 


BAM. First some shit-tier duchy declares a holy war on me for tabaristan. Cool, no biggie; but immediately after, the fucking saffarids decide they want in on the gangbang. The fucking saffarids, Mr."Oh I want to invade all persia tee-hee". I had about 2k gold in my coffers. Bought mercenaries. Fought back. I actually won the independance war. Of course, the fucking samanids joined the saffarid holy war right after. Then I ran out of gold from all that goddamn maintenance fees, and they STILL had bigger armies than me. Of course these oh-so loyal mercenaries decide they want out as soon as I run out of gold. So I was left with about 2500 troops against an angry saffarid/samanid invasion that was easily 2 times as large. 


I decided I was screwed, so I quit that game too. So, what gives? What can I do to stop holy wars? Seriously, I am so fucked every time I try playing as them. I really wanna do the whole zoroastrian persian empire thing but I'm finding it horribly difficult. Can anyone please help?





You can't really escape Holy Wars, the Muslim states simply can't tolerate heretics on their borders.

I'm playing a non-cheese ironman Zunist campaign as Zunbil and I've managed to fight off the Abbasid's now through 6 Jihads... 100 years in, but it is super tough. Basically the second the truce is gone they declare the next one and I hide in Kabul for them to come in all willy nilly and get wiped out, merc if I must. Turkic mercs are OP, LC+horse archers can massacre double the troops.

When I want a sucessfull Xedowah run, I prefer to go to the Banvandid, under the Abassids. You start off with a duchy and a claim for another one, so progress is quite nice. Then you can fabricate a claim on Reyy just under you and make it your capital, for a nice 6-slot fun.

Then your goal is to activately participate in any and all independance factions after the first caliph dies (because he loses a lot of allies!) , do a very quick holy war and then swear fealty again. Once you establish the kingdom of Persia, you can settle back a bit as either the strongest vassal of the abbasids, or even go independant from here.

In my game, after 2 independance wars and helping the Shia rise by triggering a revolution on the caliph as they rose (and then going for white peace to avoid being captured), I managed to start being independant. I lost one major holy war againts the Caliph, but expended eastwards afterwards. I got lucky when 2 counties in the de-jure area switched to zoroastrian after rebellions.

I did play as Karen once and became the Saoshyant, but it required a lot of save scumming and I'm not sure this would work anymore. 

How I started off was immediately borrowing money from the Jews and hiring the Turkish Company to supplement my event troops and levies. Then I declare war on the Tahrid for Khorastan on day 1, in order to take as much of it as I can before the Saffarid do. 

A few years after that I turned to the Samanids and attacked them in a holy war for Merv. This is where in a recent try in Ironman I haven't had success. I can't seem to win the initial battle against the Samanid with or without the mercs. 

However in my previous playthrough once I had Khorastan and Merv it was pretty smooth sailing. Taking the one duchy beneath the Caspian Sea. Then I just built up until I could attack the Saffarid. Taking duchies from them and other Muslims to the south.


