Scandinavian Empire help

So I've been playing a Sigurdr Ring start as my 1st ironman run, and it's taught me a lot about the game (in other words, I've made some pretty bad mistakes).

I didn't manage gavelkind early on, Danmark has been independent for quite a while.  I messed up an election by allowing an Orthodox to be my heir, which screwed up my plans to reform the faith.  I managed to convert back to Germanic and do damage control, but my ruler died before I amassed enough wealth for me to consider going feudal.

Later on things took a turn for the worse when I had my ruler die in his 40's and ended up with ANOTHER Orthodox character.  I couldn't convert this time, but I made sure my heir was pagan.  My next mistake was granting independence to a faction where I didn't check closely enough what all was in it.  I ended up losing most of Irland.

My biggest mistake came next, a faction that had way more manpower than I (since gavelkind had been raping my demesne) declared another king emperor.  I accepted and ended up a vassal to this new emperor, which I didn't realize it what would happen.  

The good news is Irland came back to me after the king died, and I was able to make myself heir to the empire title.  The bad news is this asshole emperor has lived to be 62 (was already pretty old when he took over) and he's Catholic.  He forced all his vassals to convert (although I resisted) and since he controls most of the holy sites, I can't reform the Germanic faith despite again being pagan.

My question is, should I keep playing this playthrough?  I don't know how likely reforming the faith will be after Emperor asshole dies, and I'll probably have a lot of pissed off Catholic vassals once I get the empire back.  

I could just convert to Catholicism and use that route to go feudal.  I was working my Tribal Authority (non-conclave) up to eventually go feudal, but it looks like Emperor Asshole has managed to max out Tribal Authority in the Empire.

However, I feel like starting over would go a lot smoother.  I think it might be easier to start over rather than pick up the pieces.  I just recently had to white-peace a claim of Sjalland against Danmark when they came up with 10K troops instead of the 2K I was expecting.  

TL:DR, made a bunch of noob mistakes in Ironman, should I start over or try to pick up the pieces?

Any thoughts on what I should do at this point?  I definitely need to get better at assessing what event troops/mercs/holy orders an opponent might be able to deploy.  

>My question is, should I keep playing this playthrough?  
  
NEVER GIVE UP NEVER SURRENDER

I’d start over and consider this a practice run.

If the goal is a Norse Germanic World Dominion, a successful Sigurdr start should *at minimum* have reformed the faith and gained control of de jure Sweden and Denmark before Sigurdr dies (typically you want to reform the faith by 780 and have a solid 40-holding Kingdom with no strong rival nations by 785, so you can get some proper raiding done before the Viking Age kicks off).

Ideally, you’ll have either created, conquered, or be in the midst of conquering a suitably large empire by the time of Sigurdr’s death. I typically vary between Scandinavia, Empire of the Fylkirate, or one of the Roman Empires, depending on my mood, but Germania or Britannia work just as well, and I’ve heard good things about Arabia if Sigurdr’s got high enough Diplomacy and Martial and you can get close enough to launch an Invasion.

That said, it’s rarely too late to fix things, so you might want to explore the current game a bit more to see how recovery can go.

Make af munso great again

Thanks to those that responded.  I ended up playing longer to see what happened when I got the empire back.  Of course, succession of the empire switches from me to my heir (NBD, right?) and I get the depressed trait, so I figure I am all set.  However the emperor ended up dying and my son took over the empire.  Then I died (naturally) and took over as my son.  

Somehow, he had managed to become feudal despite being unreformed Germanic.  I inherited a war to conquer Denmark (which would have been my 1st item of business anyhow), but I'm way weaker than I was as tribal and half my vassals are still tribal.  Most of my demesne was tribal.

Then the Pope launches a crusade for Saxony, which I own.  I got spanked and converted to Catholicism (should have sieged Rome instead of fighting straight up).  I won the claim war, so my threat went over 50%.  I'm currently trying to consolidate power in Scandinavia, upgrade all the tribal holdings to feudal, and kick out the remaining Germanic lords.   

It's certainly interesting seeing what twists and turns this game throws at you.

