Is there an Achievement for Halting the Mongols in their tracks?

Because I just earned it.

Makedon play through. End Schism. Reform Rome. The Karlings left a shit-pile of bordergore behind them and the umayyads have moved into Aquitaine. North of there is just more barbarian chaos.

So I'm chilling, watching my threat tick down and debating whether to secure Egypt, Tripolitania, or Provence from the kebab next when I get the warning that Temujib has arrived with 100k of screaming attrition-less steppe monsters. I keep an eye on his progress. Soon he has Mongolia, then Cumania. I'm not worried because I have 75k in levies plus 35k gold, I can match him. And my heir is a solid warrior, like me.

Then he dies. Cancer. Then I die. Being old. Now I'm a Lazy Spender named Theophylactos with 6 martial. Did I mention my Council is full of Exarchs?

So there goes 10k troops. And here comes another Jihad for Jerusalem. It's just a Shia jihad, which means a bunch of bumpkins from Abbysinia and Yemen, so I don't even bother raising my demesne troops to deal  with it. Vassals only. But I'm not about to send my guys down to the Horn of Africa while Jochi is horse-raping Cumania and Georgia. So It takes forever for the Warscore to tick up. But I'm getting ready, doing the war focus, learning Unyielding and Rough Terrain.

Maybe two months after the Caliph sends his peace-gold, Jochi comes at me for Armenia. By the time I get my troops gathered, he's sieged down three counties and I'm at -56%. And I'm keeping stacks separated so as to avoid attrition.

Which actually works in my favor, because it makes Jochi send his 50k stack against my 41k stack while I've got more troops a county over. Yeah, those frozen ponies don't do so good in the mountains of Cilicia, do they, Hun? WHERE IS YOUR SKY LORD NOW?

After that, the tempo is mine. I siege my stuff back, wreck him two or so more times, and Temujin's son is back at the ass end of the map fighting Sunnia and Zoro revolts with less than half of his former strength and no way to get it back. Triumph time.

I don't know how common my experience is. But with all the "Mongols took Byzantium in one war" posts I've seen, I thought I'd share it anyway.

**TL;DR - I took the Mongols attritionless event troop doomstack and dipped my balls in it, because House Makedon shalt not be fucked with.**

I usually do it by helping out the slavs only to make a wall between me and the Mongols, lmao. Going into alliances and wars to help Poland and Russia get territory only to make sure that they get eaten before the Mongols can even think about tasting my sauerkraut. 

I'm really hoping to get the achievement for fighting both the Mongols and the Aztecs at the same time in my current Rome game. I should have most of Europe to draw upon by the mid-13th century, so I'm not sure one alone would be enough for a good fight.

A pity the only thing close enough is a suicidal achievement where you have to be simultaneously at war with the Aztecs and the Mongols.



And yes, House Makedon kicks ass.

No one but the strongest of Scotsmen can fuck with House Makedon

On a related note, there really needs to be a website or something that lets you search CK2 achievements by culture/government/religion. There are just *so many* achievements these days. Finding the ones you can work towards on a given play-through is incredibly difficult.

Nice!  In my titular ironman "Scythia" play through the Mongols nearly killed me.  It felt so good to finally beat them back and destroyed the last of their troops and took the last of their counties.

any tips? i seem to have much difficulty against attritionless hordes :/

