[Help] Venice 769 Playthrough

Playing a a 769 Venice game (3 to be exact) and every single time a little past 800 Lombardy just up and rapes all my trade posts. I have had my Chancellor sitting on their capital as well. This mostly seems to happen if there is a change in King and they sometimes or sometimes wont declare on me a few months after.

All the other threads about Venice 769 starts seem to be fairly outdated. Can't swear fealty to Byz, and good luck getting to high enough nobility to get a NAP with Lombardy either via marriage. 

Also, how do Republics gain a reason to revoke titles, I want those two juicy cities sitting in the province.

Thank you for all the halps!


you almost always can buy a favor if your standing with them is good enough and marry into their family for a nap

Soulphie: i'll give that a try next time. So far when I've checked the option to buy one it was a straight up no.

Duckie: ^ I'll try doing what Soulphie said.
           I always max out my palace first for the extra trade ports.
           I don't see the ability to fabricate treason under the intrigue tab O_o. Other than that can't willynilly revoke titles as a Republic, need a reason to do so.

Death: The religion bit I never thought of, good idea.
           The norse seriously come all the way down to the med?
           Trying to play with no console commands, and afaik all the exploitative ways to create a Republic have been fixed.

Ty all for the advice

Whenever I play any republic, I usually try to ally with the strongest kingdom next to me, and the king where I will have most of my holdings. This is not because I need protection, but because otherwise I lose money from the embargo wars. If you cannot marry a king, try to marry their family early on, and bribe them. Historically, this is actually what Venice and other republics did. No king is likely to break a big marriage alliance in return for some money.  

A thing, that always gives you an edge is your household. Always put money into upgrading it. Early, it gives you the advantage of a lot of trading post, but putting in money to those extra troops can mean a huge difference. It eventually becomes your own varangian guard.

I believe you can remove titles, fabricate treason, etc. just like feudal societies if you have the laws for it. However, bear in mind if it belongs to a patrician family, it might not be worth it to revoke one city and in the process piss off an entire family as big and powerful as patricians. 

Hey i've played alot of republics last weeks so here is my tips.

For you to revoke the citie i don't know exactly which crimes will allot u to take them or not, but i know that if u change relgions and got the heretical revoke reason you can get both those cities. So just have your chort chaplain do the mission that makes him heretic and change for a bit.

About trade posts, i don't actually build them besides the first one on venice. The reason why is if they get raided by norse they get destroyed and you fucked up an investement. Their prices are also insane if they are far away. I'd recommend building them on your holdings as time goes on.

Something weird about marriages that i noticed, is that if u go sunni you no longer pay for marriage, maybe this is a bug or i am wrong, but a sunni republic is overpowered so that migth be fun(no decadence and up to 5 wifes with patrician succesion rules).

Conquering the balkans is probably the best you can do, while spending money on building cities in your holdings. After you get decent size kingdom, i would recomend swapping your cities for castles(with atleast 5 vassal mayors) cause at that point you already have all the money you want and the extra retinue by castles is nice.

