A tale of treachery, bugs and general bullshittery.

So I'm doing a Scandinavian run right, minding my business from my little Danish kingdom when I get a fateful idea. Why not create Scandinavia? Might be fun, I already have a lot of land there. 

My little round alert thingy says I can create Sweden, Nirdriki and Danmark. I don't cause I smart. Gravelkind is a work of satan himself. Aight, got most of Finland, gotta be smart, the sumosokso magicians can pull phat stacks of reindeer molesters out of their asses just because fuck you thats why. 

Ok calm down, they supposed to be a pain in the ass, just wait for succession and attack them when they're low on mana to summon their fucking piece of-

Anyway, I wait for an opportune moment to strike. Got some sweet Estonian concubines from a recent conquest. Repelling the Pomeranian Magyars (don't ask) depleted his piety tanks. 

So I'm a happy guy, chilling with my nig- I mean courtiers in Saelland, having Jylland and Slesvig as well. 1 more county is needed. Kola. 300 piety no prestige. Shit son, gon tap that declare war button harder than my concubine's booty (who is your mother btw propabl, should have mentioned that). Norse conquest CB is proof that God (read: Odin) exists. 

My thugs are assembling. Oddr is Austergotland, the scariest mofo with an eye patch you've ever seen. His wife is of his dynasty, that's how little he gives a fuck. Hrorekr of Svithjod. That one has only one arm, no balls and a couple of voices in his head. Rumor has it he had a brave trait and one day caught a flu. Faste of Ost and Vestlandet. He murdered his own brother to get that second duchy. No one likes him. Plus he has diarrhea, fuck that guy. And last but not least my brother Arnfast who's gay. Everyone likes him anyway. But he don't like me cause my nose is ugly. In that it doesn't exist anymore, I had flu once as well. 

So the poor dude in bum fuck nowhere has a 4000 stack of bloothirsty norse bearded badasses coming his way, while he raised his deerfaggots, counting no more than 2800. Now to direct my drooling imbecils to actually siege his holding and not die of hunger due to being lost in the middle of some frozen shithole, wandering around aimlessly 'cause you're programmed by paradox. 

Cool, they're actually going there, neat. Now Imma need some coins to create my cute little empire so let's rape some Christians. I take my personal troops and ships and march them towards Venice. Near what will one day become a glorious Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, but now is a clusterfuck of random slavic duchies I remember that I forgot to tell my guys to "rape, steal and gtfo", rather than "rape steal and some of you stay". Back to shell-end we go. 

We finally get to some stealing, murdering and raping, the good times, even get to visit the pope. He gave us some bio-degradable blot-fuel to use in a couple of years, what a great guy. We had enough gold to create two empires, so we head back through the eastern Panama canal. This is the moment I get a message that I got scurvy. Yes, I was leading that army the whole time and now I'm bleeding from my teeth or something. I have no eligible doctors (honestly judging by the nature of the treatments anyone should be able to do it) so I pray. 

Yep, I died of scurvy like a little bitch, just outside my nearest port. Luckily my heir got all that prestige 'cause by Odin he' s gonna need it. Then I notice the full extent of the fuckery that has transpired here. 

Aight, lemme get a little technical. When the game sees you have all the land in the de jure kingdom, but the title doesn't exist, it gets created and passed to your sons. Howerev the game doesn't tell you that in the little "title loss on succession" thingy. So I lost Sweden. And Norway. But thats fine I have a claim on all of them right? Also one kingdom is missing, I noticed on the death screen one more kingdom. Nordriki right? I scroll to the north. Its not there. The little fucker took my capital. 

So as far as my knowledge of these mechanics go, usually if you have other titles to kill, gravelkind doesn't touch your primary duchy. But now it created a kingdom and gave it MY FUCKING CAPITAL and nothing else. And if you declare war on it using your claim gained on succession, well he still keeps the county. And you get tyranny for revoking it. You have to declare war for de jure within my duchy shit. So that was annoying. Moving my capital and dealing with that shit. No way that's intended, that's too retarded even by paradox standards. 

Also everyone hates me for some reason. I have too many duchies and can't give them away 'cause my council is autistic and are circle-jerking each other wirh favours. Then I got depressed. And my ruler also got depressed. So a master plan hatches in my mind. I did everything I wanted, fuck the council. I RULE DENMARK. I granted titles to whoever, executed half my vassals from the small rebellion that happened after succession. And the I killed myself. You're dead, you're revoked, you have a date with a bear, enjoy Savolax mr. Insane lunatic. And now that you all hate me, Imma jump off a balcony. Ragnarr, out. 

My new ruler is a 10 year old kid and since everyone hated my uncle I get about a million "lower tribal org" messages that I had to accept. But despite accepting about 5 of them during regency, it stayed at medium. Huh. After my 16 birthday I'm a shrewd, lustful young brilliant strategist. The world is my oyster. Also, berserker 'cause why not. 

So now I need to get Sweden and Norway Back. I have the leftover raiding prestige so no problem right? Well I'm just about to finish when I get a message from Estonia. The fucker is rebelling. Welp more blood for the blood god I guess. So I'm winning and everything when I notice more and more stacks of red people. Polish and Pomeranians. The whole world declared war on my rebelling deerfucking vassal. So I destroy them and get 100% warscore. Yeah enforce demands suckeeeer. No. Why? "Some Polish cunt is holding some of his stuff". Why do I care? How come he doesn't get the dreaded "casus belli no longer valid". 

Well I guess it's time for me to chase everyone else out of my rebel vassals territory, basically playing whack-a-mole with some Polish twats. 
After 8 years it's over. I have finally managed ro enforce demands before someone sieged a county on the other side of mr. too cool for Thor Estonian's territory. I organised a blot hoping he would be the lucky one to be sacrificed. No such luck. He died in the dungeon during the blot, he was 68, with cancer and depression. 

I stopped to think how it was for him, having your land taken away from you when you were young, valiantly defending it with all your strength, but tjen losing to a bunch of sweaty northeners with their cruel gods and customs. Fighting his whole life with outsiders, with cancer and injustice, for his right to believe what he wanted, and the freedom that was rightfully his. And in the end he drew his last breath, in the dungeon of a cruel, angry Dane, to the sound of his kinsmen and countrymen being sacrificed to their strange and monstrous gods, screaming and crying. I wondered a if it was him being the hero and I the villain, not the other way around as I thought. 

Then I had his heir eaten by a bear so that was fun. 

Ayy lmao
Better than my books

More tales to follow, this playthrough is full of these fun moments. 

