Some memories from my first campaign

Hi fellow redditors!

I was thinking about my first campaign(IIRC it was last year)in ck2 amd how much it was fucked up, weird and different from the normal campaigns. So i thought it was cool to share my memories (i don't have pics anymore tho). 

So, i hate tutorials. I never play the tutorial, expecially for Games i kinda know because i watched some let's play.
However i still wanted to play an easy character, so i decided to play the guy from the tutorial (Alfonso II of Leon IIRC) but without the tutorial part. 
Now, in case you don't  remember, Alfonso starts being the heir of kingdom of Galicia and Castille and has strong claims on these two kingdom because is their brother.
I began playing, tried to kill at least one of my brothers but not enough plot power so i gave up, thought "Fuck it", allied France and kicked Galicia's ass (also imprisoned my bro)
Meanwhile, Castile king dies in battle against the Emire of Aragon in an holy war he couldn't win so i inherited his country and with France's help defeated and usurped even the Emire's title. I came in control of all of Northern spain (besides Duchy pf Barcelona) in less than 5 years and by there it was pretty easy to unify all of Spain( even if some odd things kept happening, like having a king who figured out in 1100 that Earth revolves around Sun(no event chain tho, perhaps i did something wrong) got excommunicated then appointed an Antipope and made him actual Pope, Abbadid Empire taking over all of Southern Spain and myself having 3 homosexual rulers on a row) and form Hispania.

The fucked up part was the rest of the world:

William the conqueror failed in his war and England never got conquered (they even taked over Ireland and Scotland)

France lost a civil war and split apart, with some guy controlling France(and Iceland, somehow) and the Capet dinasty reigning in Aquitanie (then they died and the Duke of Toulouse got the Kingdom.) 
Conquered both part during end-game BTW

HRE became a fucking monster, conquering some parts of France, all of Denmark, a bit of Poland, Croatia and Rome. 55k army in 1400.
IIRC correctly they even won a crusade for Mauretania.

I won a crusade for Jerusalem and became the King.

Byzantine Empire lost a Jihad for Anatolia, but conquered all of Southern Italy in 1300 and also something in Balkans.

Croatia somehow became a Khanate(still a Feudal kingdom i mean, but with Cuman leaders and the title name changed) and conquered  North Africa and something in Caspian Sea, then got raped by Sicily that conquered everything besides the thing in Caspian sea(then Sicily lost Croatia and Southern Italy)

Mongols did absolutely nothing with a lot of border gore

Seljuks conquered Arabia and Pakistan but lost everything in Middle East

So, wasn't the weirdest campaign ever but expecially when you haven't olayed the game before and didn't know how things usually go in normal campaigns was ton of fun (i also built up Leon and made it bigger than Paris)

Do you have any funny first campaign story?








I started as Malcolm III of Scotland. Slowly conquered Ireland and wales. Nothing much happened until Malcolm great great great grandson Lachlann the pious formed the empire of Britannia, which I renamed to Celtica.

Then the fun began

Lachlann's uncles, who were twins, were the sons of a danish princess. The king of Denmark dies and his twelve year old son takes over. Lachlann immediately presses the claims for his uncle William. The war is won and William the usurper rules. A few years later the former king's younger brother pushes his claim and wins, sending William the usurper back to his nephew's protection. William's brother, Robert, then pushes his claim and wins. The daughter of the former king presses her claim. At the same time a member of the dynasty that was overthrown by the former kings family pushes his claim. Robert the usurper is overthrown, and the usurper twins spend the rest of their days moping in York, Lachlann's capital. Lachlann, meanwhile, watches amusedly while the danish houses rip Denmark apart. The fighting goes on for decades. By the time Lachlann's son, Lulach the Lion, who conquered France, was in his sixties the war was finally resolved with a fourth claimant who entered in took the throne, and his family have been loyal vassals since. 

Now don't get me started on the Iberian kingdoms

I remember a friend of mine bought it for me after he spent about two years obsessing over it. He got me the base game, The Old Gods and the Ruler Designer to start off, not wanting to fail within minutes of starting the first multiplayer game, I sat down the next afternoon trying to get to grips with it. I remember reading somewhere the English Isles are pretty easy, so I start out in Northumbria with a newly created Catholic Christian. Unfortunately, I was at war with Halfdan Whiteshirt. After losing a  war, I became a count and because my intrigue was among the highest is the whole petty kingdom, (around 11 or 12 I can't remember) I was quickly appointed spymaster. Unfortunately, this character didn't live long enough to use his power as he was assassinated by 870. Move to my son, a four year old legitimized bastard named Æthald or something like that. Halfdan asks to educate me, and he grows close, my martial is literally the highest in the British Isles. Everything is different now, I'm no longer king fuckshit of Northumbria, I am the mighty Count Æthald, Marshal of Northumbria and mightiest ruler in the realm. Halfdan dies in battle against Scotland and I see my chance. His heir is weak. Weakness is delicious. I press begin a faction in the kingdom, because Halfdan liked me I win the allegiance of the pagans and because I'm a catholic I win the allegiance of literally everyone else, I quickly gobble up power and demand my installation. The weak king denies me, but ÆTHALD STRONK! ANGLO-SACONS STRONK! We overthrow our Norse oppressors and Æthald, rightful king of Northumbria rules. Next goal: conquer Mercia. I'm trying to find a way to claim it, but my system needs work. I realize after ten years, instead of making claims and declaring war, I should make claims on all of it then declare war. In 940 Æthald the Great died in battle with three sons and a daughter ruling the united kingdom of Northumbria and Mercia. His first son lives for two years, Second son five, third son two. Finally the kingdom goes to who would rule it for the next thirty years, a man so mediocre I forgot his name. My daughter being the duchess of York. For the next thirty years I sit, planning my next move. Crusades come and go, but I pay not attention. I want Æthald's kingdom back. I try leading open revolution and fail, getting locked in the dungeons, but I succeed in killing the mediocre man after thirty years of tyranny. Suddenly, I realized who's dungeons I'm in. The king of the United Kingdom of Mercia and Northumbria, the man of the son of the petty king of Mercia. I'm crying at this point, he's planned this all along. As if to mock me with his devilish good looks and bitching stats he forms the Kingdom of England and keeps me in the dungeon. I watch as my character is put in house arrest and lives for an ungodly amount of time. This king would go on to conquer Scotland, and his son to conquer Ireland and form Britannia, my character, age 81, dies in a prison cell, cold, alone, and watching her houses rivals achieve her father's dream. At this point, I'm considering giving myself the depressed trait and ending it all for the sake of the story, but I soldier on and die a natural death, ending the game.

I didn't know bastards changed dynasties when they had kids. I started the tutorial campaign and died leaving only girls. The first daughter, married to a cousin, the heir to one of the other Jimena kingdoms, died in childbirth with another girl. She is assassinated by her aunt/heir/regent at the age of 6. The aunt was married to the neighboring prince's bastard brother. His dynasty changed, she was a kinslayer who everyone hated, and lost the kingdom title. Now vassalized by her sister's widower, she died mysteriously and I lost the game. Another time I inherited all of them playing as Duke Robert of Apulia. I got swarmed by the 6 independent Muslim dukes, defending against up to 4 holy wars at a time. Catholic moral authority was hovering around the 40s, and my levies got wrecked by heretic peasant revolts too. Now I don't touch the Iberian peninsula in 1066 unless I've stabilized with an empire-level title already.

