From Norway to Venice. The Mercantile Vikings

So I had an idea in my head for a fun play through and it is going fairly well. The idea? Violent vikings who eventually become more trade focused as they migrate from the cold north to the islands of the Mediterranean.

I conquer the three holy sites of Scandinavia so I can reform the faith. As I am about to do this I conquer Venice with my viking hordes as they heard of the wealth of the province. abandoning the usual rape and pillage they decide to settle so they can use it as a new base of operations to raid the wealthy Mediterranean.

The new vikings in venice take on the government type of the previous doges to keep the populace tame and less likely to rebel.


Now I make sure I have family members in control of the Scandinavian holdings and give the respective powerful branches of my line the king titles of Norway and Sweden while keeping the title of Venice. I have now consolidated my power in Venice and gotten the Scandinavian holdings into separate branches of my family so now I am just the sole island of Venice raiding the Mediterranean and planning on staying and conquering myself island empire of the Mediterranean.


I forgot how much fun this game is if you go for fun little goals like this !! Anyone do anything similiar?

>Anyone do anything similar?


Has anyone started out as Scandinavian vikings who initially focused on raiding and pillaging but later became a mercantile society with products that may or may not include meatballs and do-it-yourself furniture?

It sounds familiar, but I can't quite put my finger on it.

I always try to make my way in to india. I had alot of fun doing it as vikings since they have "take coast" CB. You can basicly go conquer some opms in England then Canari Islands -> Corsica\Sardinia -> Part of Cyprus -> Sinai from muslims -> Socotra -> Hormuz(or some land in oman) ->  Maldives -> Shrilanka. Also you can take some land alonh the way l, like Venece or African coast. I also took Rome which was a tereible idea since it triggered crusades. 

I had a similar path with my Norse Republic game. Unified Scandinavia, Conquered England, Reformer the Faith then invaded the Greek duchy near Constantinople via Prepared Invasion through the rivers of Russia. The one with the 6 demesne slots and then settled from there. Basically I formed an empire in the north and settled in the middle east.

