A comprehensive and summarical list of all Crusader Kings Two DLCs.

Someone asks what DLCS they should buy Every. Single. Week. So just read this and pick the ones that work for you. 

Sword of Islam: Play as powerful Muslim Sultanates and Caliphates and watch how your incredibly overpowered sucsession and changing laws only by using piety(no more voting BS) is toppled in a massive uprising of half of your entire realm because your second cousin Emir Ali drinks on weekends.

Legacy of Rome: If you are the kind of person to not pitch tent when watching pornos but the mere mention of the Roman Empire makes all your blood rush down south, this is the mod for you. Added benefit: A-historical 500 years too early standing armies come as a bonus.

Sunset Invasion: If you hate Western Europe, Clean Borders, Historical Accuracy, and Logic and absolutely fucking love human sacrifice than this is the DLC for you!

The Republic: If you ever felt like there isn't enough methodical genocide and your favorite crusade was the 4th. 

The Old Gods: If you just LOVE to have family members and random people invade you periodically for most if not all of your lands and peasant revolts in iceland somehow breeding to five times the historical population and gaining extremely competent leaders and tons of high grade weaponry. Also fun if you love raping, pillaging, even more incest, and gavelkind!

Sons of Abraham: Absolutely recomended for people who want to screw over everyone else using the most screwed over peoples in history, the Jews. Also great if you want your strong genius son to repeatedly desire to join a holy order and disinherit themselves and losing all your piety if you refuse, make vassalizing the pope equivalent to a game hack, and have random courtiers trying to constantly convert you!

Rajas of India: If you absolutely god damned love INDIA and bought Crusader Kings Two, a game focusing around the Crusades, to play as a nation in INDIA. 

Charlemagne: If you want to be feudal before it was cool, want a massive hostile blob on both sides of the map, and have your liege give you a bitchin title only for it to revert back to him upon your death. 

Way of Life: If you were meaning to buy Sims but accidently bought this. 

Horse Lords: If you cannot go seven minutes without looking at a horse's rear end. Wonderful for building trade posts that collect no money due to a rebel uprising 600 miles away in another country, and spending 600 gold in war to force someone to pay you 2 gold a month for 120 months.

Conclave: If you don't think your vassals are annoying enough and want to replace the thorn in your backside with a two handed battle axe.

The Reaper's Due: Perfect for increasing FPS by killing half the map, having the traits imbecile, inbred, and kinslayer triple your life expectancy, and discovering the cure for the common cold!(cutting off your balls)

Monks and Mystics: Unfortunately the Paradox team made a typo in the title. It's correct name is "Cheat Mode."

Jade Dragon: You can marry into the house of the Chinese Emperor, gain countless boons, money, troops, and tech, all for the low, low price of cutting off 20 sets of prisoner balls and sending them to CHIIIINA. 

I hope this clarifies things. 


Only one I haven't got is Monks and Mystics, I've been away from the game a while

Why is it cheat mode?

You can add one more thing to conclave : carefully educating your son using martial focus and becoming a naive appeaser.

> Rajas of India: If you absolutely god damned love INDIA and bought Crusader Kings Two, a game focusing around the Crusades, to play as a nation in INDIA.


Now, now, let's be honest.


If you start in India, and wage holy war to smash the foul Mohamedans in the name of Kali and turn Mecca into a Hindu shrine, then you're a better Crusader King than those European losers who can barely take Jerusalem.

To be fair, CK2 as we know it doesn't focus on the crusades at all.

I want to argue with your assessment but.... I can't.

>Crusader Kings Two, a game focusing around the game,

?

Funny post, but how do republics make more methodical genocide? 

If i wasn't so broke, i would give you reddit gold. Bless this post.

why do any of us still play this game?

*clicks random button and begins game as french count*

[deleted]

I know it was the first thing I asked. I got it on sale and I needed to know what parts to grab while the sale was still on.

Conclave is also great for having half the realms of the world in at least two civil wars at any given time.

This is great.

Stick, please?

While I get that it is satire, what is the opinion of the forum on ,

Reapers Due & Monks and Mystics, are they worth getting?

The amount of salt in this is absolutely glorious.

If I didn't know better, I would say this was written by u/AsaTJ

You forgot to mention how OP Merchant Republics are. Muslim Hermetic MR is the best.

!redditsilver

I bought M&M and never allowed secret societies and demon worshipers. I Only bought to be able to use CPR+, that's it.

Can't we put this on the sidebar or something?

You made me laugh, also the Charlemagne thing made me think that in my last playthgouht it was the first time I see AI forming Francia and then expanding, neat to see someone kicking AreUmads? asses without having to be me

Guys, I am truely honored by the upvotes and responses to this. If you guys want when Jade Dragon comes out I can try my hand at "sumarized" patch notes. 

>The Republic: if you think there isn't enough methodical genocide and you are a fan of the 4th Crusade

TOP KEK

[removed]

*summary of dlc's*

**THEY ALL SUCK!!!**

Hmm... Someone doesn't like ck2

