The Rise of Sweden - The Reign Of King Alfr

It was 766.  He barely remembered the day of his coronation, proof that he had grown old. He was 27 when the crown had been placed on his head after his fathers natural death. He was an ambitious lad, and dreamed of uniting Scandinavia. 

There was one thing he did remember from the ceremony, however. Asa.

During the feast they had conversed while sipping wine, and after eating would share a dance. Late into the party they slipped out and ran to his chambers. They were both only 16. He didn't remember what happened after that, but he remembered waking up next to her. They were madly in love, but she had been betrothed to the king of Sapmi. 

Over the next 2 years of his reign, he had plotted against the king. He wanted to see him dead so he could marry Asa. He made 3 attempts before he found out that Asa was pregnant. She fled to his court with the news. But that wasn't the only news that she brought. 

The King of Sapmi had claimed that he had kidnapped her, starting a diplomatic crisis. bordering Swedish states joined a coalition against him, and by 771, war had broken out. All of the nations around them were fully mobilized. He brought Asa to his castle, and kissed her goodbye. He then left, flanked by 300 soldiers, has he marched through the streets which were lined with his army.

He reached the front, and pivoted around. "Deus Vult!" while thrusting his sword into the air.  The crowd erupted into a battle cry. 

Alfr mounted his horse with his guard, and charged, while the army chanted "To war!"

It was 772 when he had taken out Sapmi. His troops showed no mercy. They pillaged their cities and farms, and raped their women until they surrendered. 

By 775, his occupation spanned the entirety of Sweden.

When he got to the last capital, he found the kings and queens in a bunker. He would bring them to their capitals, and behead them in public, personally beheading the King of Sapmi in his own capital.

He would annex the countries one by one in wars after this, and then annex northern Finland.

He married Asa, and with her had 10 children. 8 boys, 2 girls.

His realm prospered for a short time. But then, he fell ill. Seeing the possibility of his death, he gathered all of his children. The girls were escorted out after a short speech.

Then he glanced at the guards, who seized all of his boys but one. The boys put up a fight, his oldest was guarded from the boys who tried to kill him in anger.  The fight soon ended, and all of the boys were brought to a dungeon. Alfr got to the height of his sickness, when he ordered their executions. 6 were killed, but one managed to slip out. His second son, whos name will be permanently burned into his soul. "Skuli". He fled to the Karellian court, where he campaigned for war with Sweden.

Alfr didn't die, however, although his mind took a hit. He resumed his duties with a sour taste, he was no longer the ambitious child who had first inherited the throne. His wife, overcome by grief, hung herself in there bedroom. He was the one to find her. After this he took many concubines, but the passion was gone. The next 20 years of his life were uneventful, his realm prospered, but he suffered from severe stress. He created the kingdom of Sweden and crowned himself king, but the joy of achieving his ambitions wasn't there. He lost his zest for life. 

He was sleeping in, when one die someone burst through his door and screamed "WAR!"

He jumped out of his bed and grabbed his sword. The courtier through up his hand and said

"War, we, we are at war, with Denmark"

His carelessness quickly dissolved. "Raise the levies."

He got dress and burst through the door, a fire in his heart reflecting in his eyes. He moved forward on a horse. This time with no guard. He didn't care if he lived or died. But he wouldn't die for nothing. He would fight to the very last man, and if that very last man was himself, he would accept his fate.

He took a deep breath.

"DEUS VAULT!" He shouted louder than ever before. "TO WAR! TO WAR I SAY! WE SHALL FIGHT FOR THE GLORIOUS NATION OF SWEDEN!" He cried out, as his galloped through the streets. The soldiers ran after him. Their morale was so high that they ran for an entire 3 hours before reducing to a march.

They saw a Danish army in one of their Southern provinces. The Swedish archers took up positions behind a hill, his cavalry got in their triangular position, and the infantry prepared to run out. 

The 3 triangular formations were ready to charge, led by Alfr himself, at the tip of the center one.

The archers rained arrows on the enemy lines, catching them by surprise. "DEUS VULT!"

He charged forward, their archers trying to hit him. He hit the first line and killed 100 men. The following cavalry killed another 300. They broke their lines, the army of only 1000 men was almost winning against the army of 3000. The infantry charged out, as the cavalry broke their position and began killing the soldiers one by one.

The Infantry slaughtered an additional 1000.

2000 men arrived to re enforce, and the Swedes retreated.

It inspired the nation, who formed their own militias to fight in the fields. 

They continued to push the swedes back, but they never surrendered. A resistance was brewing.

When in 812, the militas flocked to Stockholm. The last strong hold of sweden was at its heels, when an army of warriors rallied, 3000 men pushed back the Danes. After that point they didn't lose once. By the end of the war, they had slain 20,000 Danes. They took Danish Sweden and Sjaelland. 

He remembered his son, who was living in exile in Karaelia. Filled with regret, he invited him back to court. He refused.

More Grandchildren were born, and he decided to spend more time with family. He wanted his grand children to not come to the same fate as his children.

He took many lovers and had many more daughters himself, who would bear him more grandchildren. Then, on a cold day in 842, a raid occurred. the Karelians had raided Stockholm, and taken 12 of his grand children captive. He managed to escape, but seeing his grandchildren dissapear brought on more depression. They marched the children to the center of town, where his son, his own son, Skuli, beheaded his neices and nephews. He made them say their name, and let them utter their last words. His men dragged me out to watch. By the end of the week they had left, and they had left me alive. I prepared a defense, waiting for the next raid, he would kill Skuli himself. 

He waited 2 years, and then the raid finally came. The army was repulsed, Skuli, seeing his capture inevitable, used his last division of 10 men, to inflitrate the tower, hearing this, Alfr ran up the stairs. Skuli chasing after him, he was 70, but was still in good health. He got to the top, and realized he had no where else to run. He stared over the edge, he heard them thundering up the stairs 40 steps down. He could barely see the bottom. All of this flashed through his mind as he stepped onto the wall blocking him from the ground. 

He balanced himself on the wall.

He heard the trap door slam open, and, he jumped. He fell towards the ground. And in the few seconds he was falling for, he muttered "Alea iacta est" before dying.

The men took off their masks. Revealing his 2 living sons, and their own armies.

To Be Continued...

My fucking god that was great. These kinds of posts are why i love CK2 and this subreddit.

