Zunist Run Update 2: Elective Bugaloo

I should preface by saying the title is clickbait, no elective succession takes place.

So this is my [previous update](https://www.reddit.com/r/CrusaderKings/comments/7u43d7/update_help_with_zunist_run/) where I was stressing about my homosexual, 60yo, male-childless ruler. Well fret not, he somehow miraculously pumped out three males before dying at 68.

Soon after he passed, the Great Holy War cooldown ended and Persia was the target of the new one. The weakened Abbasids were easy to defeat, despite my dull character. Succession was pretty regular from there, and that character even had a son become the Grandmaster of the Knights of the Sun.

He was followed by a devil worshiping military man, who was followed by a quick and ambitious-till-death Midas, who was followed by an equally able fortune builder and commander. All this time, I was still barely below 80% realm of the Persian Empire, but finally was able to create it in 1025 after great holy wars for Daylam and Transoxiana. This led to a period I dubbed the era of the Empires: Persia, Byzantium, Tibet, Bengal, Arabia, Hispania, and HRE were all in play and powerful.

I was able to marry my son to a claimant to the Tibetan Empire and landed him as a baron before pressing her claim and winning. Their heir then became the child emperor of Tibet and Persia. Unfortunately I was hit with a double whammy: Independence faction in Persia and a claimant faction in Tibet. Almost immediately I lost Tibet, and some internal territories in Persia. Strangely enough, some of my former vassals in Persia accepted my offer of vassalization, while those who refused were gang-raped by my vassals, healing the damages immensely.

Even with losing Tibet, I held on to Jinquan county (the beginning of the Silk Road in Tibet), and some Tibetan vassals remained Zunist. After a few generations Tibet splintered anyways and ceased to exist. Meanwhile my character was heartbroken enough to die of depression at 21, while his father (the only true ruler of both Tibet and Persia) was assassinated at 24.

During this time, Catholics moved into Africa and the HRE hesitantly into Hispania. I say hesitantly because there existed already several Catholic kingdoms in Spain at this point. Then the Byzantines moved into Mauritania, the steppes, the Holy Land, and eventually Nubia. The Seljuks rose to prominence right next to me in Transoxiana, but were easily defeated. The Mongols would much later rise and challenge me after some early successes, but they too would lose.

The Abbasids succumbed to a decadence revolt, who then themselves lost the entirety of the kingdom of Arabia to the Hashimids, the true heirs of Mohamed. The Arabian Empire ceased to exist soon after, and the Caliphate belonged to the Hashimids. The Shi'a has long since disappeared by this point and would never reappear. The Byzantines would then move into the Hashimids' Arabia soon after.

I should note that the Byzantine Empire itself was constantly attacking me (and losing), but the powerful kingdom vassals were the ones truly expanding the Empire. This will come into play later.

The Bengal Empire ruled nearly the entirety of the subcontinent of India by this point and I had many back and forths with them. They and the Byzantine Empire became my only true equals.

The history of the Zunbil Empire becomes pretty boring at this point with myself just doing some internal things like ending peasant revolts, building up holdings, chasing away looting nomads, etc. Ironically enough, during this 100 year gap of peace, there were only two rulers, who themselves weren't anything spectacular. After their deaths, the new emperor was an adept man of intrigue which meant only one thing: another stint with the the devil worshipers. It was short lived and uninteresting though, and upon his death to weak physique left the empire to his child son.

A tragedy then ensues that hits too close to home: he started showing symptoms of disease only to find out he had childhood cancer. He was a righteous, although uninteresting, man who died at 19. The throne then passed to his brother, a dutiful cleric who led troops against the Mohammedan and Catholics in Egypt in great holy wars. He wasn't too skilled though, and died in battle when defending against an ill attempted Jihad called by the Hashimids.

His child heir was slow, but that didn't stop me from trying to bring him to greatness; he learned to be an ambitious and shrewd, as well as temperate, fortune builder accumulating in 19 stewardship showing that you can work through your disabilities. Nonetheless, his half-brother, child-of-a-concubine had him assassinated at age 22. This brother was the one led his troops victoriously against the Mongols, yet died near the end of the war. One of his greatest accomplishments was capturing Subotai in battle.

His infant son would become a mishmash of traits: a fortune builder, greedy, lustful, content, craven, temperate, paranoid, and later while plotting the death of an adventurer claimant and family member, became a familial kinslayer. This got him a rival who he attempted to duel, only to die by the blade of. Fortunately this was only a month after his newborn son was born, so the dynasty continued.

This new emperor watched as the Kingdom of Sardinia and Corsica became independent of the Byzantines through an easily won war, thus goring up the borders of the ERE, at least in the traditional homeland of Greece, the Balkans, and Anatolia. This new emperor also contracted early, although not childhood, cancer. Fortunately he had a son despite the disease's -20% fertility and lived long enough to instruct him to become a tough soldier. He soon died, which brings me to my present character.

He has become a diligent and ambitious, although shy, member of the Hermetic Society, who has been the grace of Zun been given a robust physique while trodding the desert in His rays. He also was instructed in cynicism and bravery by his cancer ridden father, who had succumbed at 26 despite a successful experimental treatment. He experiments in his lab while he watches another massive Byzantine independence revolt that is likely to bordergore the Earth even more.

EDIT: I should mention the current year is now 1281.

In current Georgia run I had a king JUST die at 65 after getting cancer at 8. Six kids, four survived. I just kept getting standard treatment

...except he was possessed at 9 so by 65 he was speaking in tongues (-10 diplo) and had literally every cardinal sin. Needless to say I stopped seeking treatment by then

