help how do I stop the mongols from raping europe



Mongols? What Mongols? You are clearly being attacked by S I B E R I A N W A S T E S

You must take away their event-spawned troops. Whenever I encounter the Mongols, I usually have an army of considerable size, but nowhere near comparable to the numbers they have in event-spawned troops. So what I do is I watch to see who they declare war on, and every time they do, I offer to help defend against them. Then I will use my troops to eat away at their event-spawned troops. Usually lose a ton of the initial wars, but since I'm only a helper I don't lose any land, I only have to wait for my levies to regenerate... rinse, repeat.

They will eventually run out of event-spawned troops and that will kill their stability and they'll implode.

You can only take it on the butt

Pray to the Thunder Gods that they throw themselves into rivers, send barrels of wine and nubile women, and if all else fails, become the lord of "Island".

You don't 

Perish

They usually fizzle out once they get to, like, Persia in my game. I think you may be boned.   


Alternatively, if you have the "Nomad Revolt" option enabled, swear fealty and wait for ol' Genghis to die. You should be able to peacefully declare independence.

Murder their rulers over and over. I managed to break up [this](https://i.imgur.com/RITMOfk.jpg) by joining the Assassins to help and just running through a bunch of them, eventually the Mongol Empire title ended up just flat out evaporating.

Not really sure how that happens, I think maybe there were only children to inherit the Borjigin clan? Anyway they imploded from that to something like [this](https://i.imgur.com/IU5LN1q.jpg), though that shot is a full 80 years later.

[removed]

Make 'em a Eunuch!

Wait till they spread their event spawned troops and then Divide et Impera (defeat in detail) their asses ! That's how i defeated the Aztecs.

Pay the Chinese to do it

Wow, that Guge is huge!

Have you considered sending them to diversity training?

Rape them first.

It's a little late for this, but when I last ran into them, I got in contact with Genghis when he was still far away, was able to buy a favor from him, and marry someone into his family, giving us a non aggression pact. So that's how I dealt with it.

Swear fealty and give in to the horde.

Pray for the Great Khan to die so the rest of them end up going back to Mongolia?

You dont do anything. Kick back and wait for them to collapse.

Swear fealty and ruin from inside.

This looks like Russian Empire

I had a small heart attack when I discovered the Mongols in my game had taken over THE ENTIRE BYZANTINE EMPIRE

