How I created Israel

boring ass story with TLDR at bottom. Might be a common strategy but I haven't seen anyone do it like this

So I'm a terrible, terrible, terrible CK2 player. I have 300 hours on it, but I still can hardly handle newbie Ireland. But I was set on getting the Kingdom of David achievement.

And so, I went and played the one jewish character in the world, the Gideon Dynasty in the Duchy of Semien in 769. And maybe it's easy, but I found it really hard since Jewish MA is almost rock bottom. your counties will remain Miaphysite and revolts WILL occur. And your neighbors are soon to be Abyssinia and Egypt. And even if you don't get raped by those, you have the sunni Caliph to worry about. 

And so I tried. And I had one strategy where I would expand as quickly as I could before Abyssinia is actually created and united, but your only CB is holy war, so you're taking on all of Abyssinia anyway. 

That didn't go very well, so instead I tried making the duchy of Semien a fortress. Farm technology, build castles and cities and upgrade them. So while it takes time, you are one badass mothafucka. 

But after 250 years of complete fucking boredom I realized technology and upgrades aren't worth fucking shit. So I gave up on that idea.

And then it hit me; "Wait, if the Caliph controls the entire area needed to create Israel why don't I just play as the Caliph and convert to Judaism?"

This is obviously easier said than done. But since the Sunni Caliphate title can be destroyed with no opinion malus I just did it. It's 769 so I don't need to worry about Crusades, and with the tributaries you spawn with a fuckton of gold, so if your ungrateful vassals decide to revolt because they're antisemitic dickheads you can hire mercenaries. 

So I holy warred down to Semien and just took it. Killing Jews is fun. And then I revoked the county of Semien so that it's my demesne county, and I could convert to Judaism.  

Obviously my vassals start to hate me, but fortunately my vassals are greedy little bitches so I can satisfy them with gifts. 

Jewish MA is 17% at this point, so my court Rabbi had a 0.69% chance to convert Jerusalem. Oh well, one can only wait. But then, he showed up. A jew with 21 learning. It took him barely a week to convert a key vassal. And then within just a few years he had converted so many vassals that the holy sites were in Jewish control ^(and my vassals think im pretty cool now)

MA spiked to 70. Conversion rate for Jerusalem went from 0.69% to 7.6. After that, all I had to do was wait. And as if on queue, I died and my heir was sinful as fuck, so yeah, took a while to get that piety. Thank god for passover. 

TL:DR I created Jerusalem as the Sunni Caliph.

Edit: I don't have horse lords, so I can't play as Nomads

you didn't need to conquer semien. If you personally hold a holy site of another religion, you can right click on the holy site and convert to it. 

Also a good strat for the Gideons is to start in 867(where you're a powerful duchy), eat up Abysinnia and then go straight for the Jewish holy site in Yemen or Oman. If you can get lucky with the Muslims they will split up and you can pick them apart, expanding into Egypt and then the Levant. Takes a bit of luck though. 

Starting as Semien is in fact hard AF, it's one of the hardest starts in the game.

FYI if you control Jerusalem revoke that, you can use it to convert to literally any non-heretical Abrahamic religion

Good job; Kingdom of David is a tough achievement no matter how you come at it.

One day I hope to do it starting as Chief Tsaerasan of Yegorlyk in 867, then somehow fighting my way to the Black Sea and forming a merchant republic. With Cataphract retinues because why the hell not.

I did mine with Semien, except I swore fealty Abyssinia (They don't have revoke religious titles). Though constantly wanted to educate my son to make them Abysinnia/ Miaphysite. , I remained Jewish. After that I basically just sat around and tried improving everyone's relationship while fabricating claims one county at a time. Eventually my holdings got pretty large to where I was the main contributor vassal. I declared independence won, now I begin which eating away at Abbasids and Egypt, easy right? Hahaha. No, this had to have take me 10-20 retries before actually getting the achievement. Actually I had gotten this achievement twice because the first time the achievement never went up due to a bug or something. The issue is not Abyssinia, heck no, they're easy to deal with. It's that the Abbasids/ Egypt are extremely aggressive Ai, that will gladly eat you up, gangbang you through holy wars. Half the time, they ended up conquering Abyssinia before I got to declare independence. In fact their constant aggression made me grow and never-ending hate for them where no matter what country I am playing through now. Anytime I take a prisoner from there, I will gladly execute them regardless of tyranny and if I'm playing Byzantine well... snip snip.

It's honestly waiting for the stars to align, I had to wait for at least one of them to not only be in regency but also be preoccupied in like 3-4 other wars before eating them up. I eventually did get to Jerusalem one Holy War at a time. I honestly was thinking about doing exactly what you did, but I decided against it because I felt that was the cheap way and I felt that I'd have more bragging rights that way. OH boy was I wrong. You saved yourself a hair-ripping achievement and I am glad someone else got it, because it really is a test of patience.

