What was your most horrible thought when playing ck2?

Most noteworthy for me 

:This ugly dwarf of a son should die in a explosion of manure 

:My filthy whore of a mother should be a better breeder.
 
:Damm my daughter isn't of age yet

:I don't care if you're gay, rape a nun if you have to, I just need you to breed.

Sunni population keeps revolting, I wish I could genocide them and settle my faithful.

"Why can't I plot to kill my own children?"

1. I wish I had a genocide mod (later actually got one)
2. Should I give women rights or raise taxes?
3. Let me look for some attractive twelve-year-olds
4. Why can't I rape my prisoners (my genocide mod included this feature)
5. If I marry my half-sister and 3 non-related women (Reformed Zunist with Dawnbreaker), would it be sustainable?

"I should demand gavelkind from my vassals"

I just wish my daughters would stop whoring around and having lowborn bastards.

"Why the hell can't I strangle my son in his crib?"

"After centuries and generations of the Slavic holy warrior bloodline we share son, you little piece of disapointing shit have embraced the tengri faith, not our great foes the Catholics or our fucked up northern brothers, the Germanics, but the damn Tengri, by Perun, How the actual fuck did you even met a Tengri secret cult?, Guess its time to excomunicate and imprision you till you die since you are a "true believer" and refuse to convert back"

"I didn't *have* to let you live, you know. You were just my deformed hunchbacked half-brother, I could've abandoned you to the hounds. But I stuck up for you, I pressed your claim on Denmark, gave you a whole kingdom. And what do you do? You up and embrace Catholicism, like a putz. You've disappointed me, you really have. Take that thought with you to your grave, brother."

I can abduct women to my court, why can’t I force matri-marriages on men in my dungeon for my bloodline breeding program?!

"damn revolts, why do people want to overthow a rigged, corupted, maniach, eugenic and decadent king ? all these irshes and frenches better stop or if not i'ma eradicate them"

> "What if I raise your kids to become good orthodox Christian men so that I can excommunicate them and cut their dicks off?"

Context: I was playing a multiplayer game with my friend with Interfaith Marriages on. The goal was for me to restore the roman empire and reinstate hellenism and his goal was to become the mother-fucking (literally, motherfucking) saoshyant. 

Upon creating the kingdom of Persia his dumbass forgets to go for Primogeniture so he's stuck with Gavelkind now. 

He has 3 kids and 2 kingdoms at this point. Then I get the brilliant idea

"What if I raise your kids to become good orthodox Christian men so that I can excommunicate them and cut their dicks off?"¨

Other gems from this game:

Me audibly screaming at my screen "WHY IS MY VAGINA SO BAD".

"Can I marry your sister? Oh wait, you already did."

"Aquitaine is in southern Sweden now. Okay."

"I'm so ugly that all my female vassals are plotting against me."

"I love greeks because they can practically kill their idiot daughters and everyone will be cool with it."

"Your family tree is a fucking circle"

"I need just +1 more opinion of him to convert him. Should I sell my daughter to him?"

"No you can't marry my daughter, I don't care if you're my half-brother"

"I can sell my mom to the chinese emperor to get a commercial contract!"

This bad boy can fit so many court chaplains in it

How can I get rid of my demon spawn offspring before he/she murders all of my good heirs?

"why am i attracted to my 16 year old grandson? I'm already 79 years old!" 

NOOOOOOO NOT YOU MISTER MITTEN

I'll build the most expensive grave I can my friend

