I always play Norse pagans. Is it possible to play a game and successfully be friends with the HRE or Catholics in general so they dont call a death crusade against my Odin worshipping kingdom?

Can't we just be friends? _AS I GRASP MIGHTY THOR'S HAMMER AND SCREAM_

But seriously. my games always go great until the first crusade is called on me.

And as I got addicted to spam clicking "Seize Bishop for heresay" ->  "Ransom for 25 Duckets"

it got me thinking.

Maybe this is why they are calling crusades on me?  Cause I keep seizing their Bishops, sacrificing them at the blots, invading their lands, raping their wi..

Ok.



I don't know. Tried an "Eric the heathen" run for achievement. I was lucky because my Catholic king was excommunicated, he was dethroned by Hungary and I was the heir to kingdom of sweden. I went for a raid on welsh(for a mission), Venice and finally I raided Rome. In less than one year a crusade started with %900 power. End of the game 

I usually keep my chancellor on Rome since I think he'll call crusades more on people he doesn't like. Send him some gold every now and again and everything's peachy (I was playing as Germanic Venice for this, so maybe don't copy this move if it would bankrupt your realm). He declared crusades on like basically everyone else...except for the one time the pope changed and I didn't notice in time to send him my customary bri- *ahem* "show of goodwill".

We can be friends just as soon as you stop worshiping demons. 

Both Christianity and Islam are monotheistic religions. The do not accept the existence of a god other than their own (and the god of the two is not the same god). As long as you worship anything other than the god of their religion you are in the wrong. And then you seize their peaceful, charitable, Bishops and treat them unfairly when all they are trying to do is get you into heaven.  

Make the pope your tributary it's used to work before holy fury not sure now though 

There's always the solution of utterly wrecking Catholic moral authority to the point that they can't call crusades anymore. Might be a bit of a challenge though

