How do I get Sicily if I started in 1066?

I started as Matilda in Tuscany, and now I'm playing as her son. the Byzantines somehow took over Apulia, and now I'm stuck. I'm getting too large to stay King of Italy, and need to get an Emperor title, because I'm starting to approach my vassal limit. But, I can only get about 10k troops, to Byzantium's 23k. I waited until I had 650 gold, and Byzantium was at war with the Seljuks, and they still just sent everything they had at me, even though i could clearly see the Turks were literally at the gates of Constantinople, but they still decided to just send their massive death stack at me.  I put about 16k troops at the strait, but if I beat back one stack the ai just sends another 20k, and inevitably I run out of money, and lose my mercs. Is it worth getting independence from the HRE and swearing fealty to them, just for this one stupid duchy? Or do i just need more money? Is this normal? It seems pretty rare to me that Byzantium is able to secure Southern Italy faster than I could conquer all of the Kingdom of Italy. I don't really want to swear fealty, because if I do, all Byzantium has to do to form Rome is take out the Papacy, and Venice, because I own everything else, and I don't want to have to fight a neo Roman Empire just to be able to form Italia. 

TLDR: Purple blob keeps raping me, and I need help.

Picture it, Sicily, 1922....

You could try to build tall and bide your time. Upgrade all your holdings, steal tech to build a retinue of pikemen+defence. Also educate your heir with martial and have him lead armies until he is a brilliant strategist. Centralize power and destroy the council to get more demesne size. Do this and a king of italy and Romagna can easily push his levy past 23k within one generation. Not to mention that building cities in all your empty holding slots and doing burgher tax focused laws will skyrocket your income to 100+ gold per month quickly. 13k troops might seem like a big gap but you would be surprised as to how much a high martial skill improves levy, also if your vassal dukes are more centralized themselves they will provide more vassal levy.

There is also a chance that a fourth crusade event will fire while youre building up your realm in which case your problem solves itself

The byzantines are notorious for having civil wars. If you take a rebelling county before the civil wars ends, and win the war against the much weaker than byzantium rebels, you can get the land.

I doubt Byzantium's going to get a claim on Venice. You're probably better off swearing fealty. If you play your cards right, you could also get elected emperor, form Italia, make it your primary title, and then destroy the ERE title.

