The single coolest dynasty in the game: The House of Ceuta (Qutids)

769 AD -  c*omes rei militaris* *of Ceuta*

Ceuta is the last remaining-some would say renegade- outpost of the Eastern Roman Empire's *comes Africae.* The *comes'* conquest was rapid with the Ummayad armies bursting through Egypt into North Africa in 697 AD. Roman-Visigothic African regiments fought alone against the Muslim advance for 14 brutal years as one by one they perished in the desert or starved in besieged forts. By the year 711 AD, with the other Byzantine Exarchs slain or exiled, Count Julian blocked the  Moorish army from crossing the Straits of Hercules into Christendom. 

Julian survived by aligning himself with the Visigothic usurper Roderic of Toledo. To prove his loyalty to the new *regnum*  *Ludharīq,* Julian sent his daughter to the Hispanic court to be educated as an alliance hostage. However, rather than sending aid Roderic raped her. Outraged, exhausted, and alone Julian made peace with the Moorish general Tariq ibn Zayad agreeing to ferry an Islamic expeditionary force across the strait. That army crushed the Visigoths at Guadalete three months later managing to kill almost the entire upper Hispanic aristocracy.

In return for his aid, the Moors granted Julian independent rule over Tangiers in which he lived the last thirty six years of his life utterly friendless and bitter. The only solace in those dark days was his wife Faldrina: a refugee of Roderic's coup. In 732, the couple bore a son named Pelagio who increasingly took over responsibilities from his father upon coming of age at 15. 

Despite hailing from a Christian family, it was thought politically expedient the boy be raised by Berber *ulama* from the newly formed Andalus. As such Pelagio grew up Muslim if only superficially. However, Faldrina held an enormous influence over her son educating him on the noble heritage passed down through her. Pelagio holds direct claim upon Hispania via his maternal uncle King Witiza. But he is also a direct descendant of both the Roman Emperors and Merovingian Franks via his great grandparents Emperor Maurice and Princess Chlodoswintha!

It is with this situation Pelagio finds himself as founder of the House of the Qutids in 769 AD. Several options are open to him. 

He could choose to abandon Islam for the faith of his father. However, that route is fraught with danger. The remaining Christian Visigothic nobility has either converted to Islam or rallied to the impoverished remains of the northern Asturian nobility. That tiny Kingdom faces almost certain annihilation and, thus, the nominal King Aurelio has more to worry about than Witiza's nephew. Likewise Francia and Lombard Italia are distracted by their own succession crises. The sons of Pepin and the elderly Desiderius will not interfere when their own realms are in danger of civil war. Of course there is Byzantium, but the current Emperor Constantine V is old and his son is preoccupied with the Iconoclast movement spreading across the Greek world. 

The new path of Islam offers little better. Abdul Rahman would certainly gladly receive Tangier's submission, but at the cost of profaning Pelagio's father's life's work. Otherwise Tangier could ally with the surrounding Berber tribes. But that too is complicated by sectarian strife. The Maghrebi Berber clans have fallen under the influence of Bedouin refugees from the Abbassid Revolution divided between the Shia, Ibadi, or Khariji sects. Pelagio could side with with one of the three, however, doing so would anger both the Umayyads in Andalus and the new Abbasid aligned governor of Ifriqiya.    

Pelagio Qutid can be found in the Charlemagne bookmark and is perfect for immersive stories and alternate history roleplaying.

> Pelagio holds direct claim upon Hispania via his maternal uncle King Witiza. 

He doesn't have that in game, if someone is interested

Can someone contact Paradox and see if he can be featured at some point in the future? This start is insanely interesting.

This is pretty cool however I feel like I'd die 2 years in lol

My friend told me that he became interested in learnimg Catalan after he studied the poem about Roderick.

Awesome! I’ll check it out.

This is an amazing history. Thanks for sharing. I’ll try him out but won’t probably last long :)

> But he is also a direct descendant of both the Roman Emperors and Merovingian Franks via his great grandparents Emperor Maurice

Wouldn't that be his great-great-great-great-great-uncle emperor Maurice and thus not direct descent? (Faldrina - Cixillo - Erwigio  - Ardabastos - Iouliana - Petros, brother of Maurice)

Attempting Pelagio right now: thus  far this has been perhaps the strangest game I’ve seen in a while. Ummayads conquered all of Iberia before being shattered by a Shia Uprising, Abbasids had a female Caliph, Italy is ruled by a old ways Norse Breton, the Karlings died out in France and is now ruled by a Visigothic cousin. Pelagio died of stress and depression, and his descendants have:


-Converted to Catholicism and tried to fight the Ummayads, getting rekt


-the lands split in half by Gavelkind and then united by a holy war against the catholic brother 


-newest ruler has had to kill several wives for being dishonorable/generally criminal


It’s a great game and I’m not even sure what direction I’m going with this game.

What about the Karlings ?

