How can I ensure my heir doesn’t get raped by war each time I die?

This has been a major problem for me. I build my empire back up, everyone is happy, everything is profitable, and then the second my heir takes over I find myself in 5 defensive battles at a time, with a new one every time I defeat anyone, my coffers run dry, and by the time it’s all done, sometimes after 2 or 3 successions, my kingdom is in shambles, and when my 3rd heir dies the 4th gets finished off by more senseless wars.

Am I doing something wrong? Or is this just he way of the game?

It's not just the way of the game. Smooth successions are completely possible. Vassals rebel because they aren't happy about something. The short reign penalty probably isn't the only issue you have. The question is, why are your vassals unhappy and what can you do about it? If it's because your have their de jure titles, maybe give them to them. If it's because you're the wrong religion, consider converting, etc.

(Also save heretic and infidel prisoners to execute upon succession for the dread.)

Well don't ever let him be a knight. Also just try to use your daughter's wisely. Say one daughter equated to a powerful alliance. Try to marry your daughter to your greatest threat, most powerful vassal, and then where you might want to go in the next life time or next decade. Why? You want to be sure you get an idea of what their court is like and what their manpower is compared to yours. Daughters can back schemes if they have a decent amount of intrigue. If its possible, you can even find a way to get some hooks on their most powerful vassal. That way they join you. You can also influence elections if the enemy liege has feudal election. Its alot of work but you can save your heirs from having to go to war when your daughter can do most of the work ahead of time or just lay the groundwork.

Keep a dungeon full of heathens your new king can execute. 100 dread to start helps a ton and will scare off the majority. 

Some will still join factions, especially if they’re brave. give them gifts, sway, and befriend those. Diplomacy lifestyle helps a ton here. Friends won’t join factions. Make your chancellor focus on domestic affairs. 

Also try to set up alliances by marrying your family to any remaining malcontents. Allies also won’t join factions. 

I used to have the same problems but once I figured things out it, my successions have been pretty smooth.

Every reign should start with executions till you get 100 dread

If you want to be peaceful, hold a feast as soon as you become king, that will help keep your vassals happy. Then use sway or befriend to help get your relationship with them up.

