A little CK3 rage for you all, enjoy the schadenfreude

So, a few months ago I made this post basically complaining that the game was too hard. At that point I'd played like 10 hours and was getting frustrated because I knew how nothing worked. Now that I've played for ten times as many hours...

I still don't have a god damn clue how anything works. But at least I'm (mostly) having fun. This game is rapidly becoming one of my favorites. No other game has made me feel these emotions. I fucked my brother's hot Greek wife, she had a son, I took him to my court as my ward, gave him a duchy, and he never knew I was his father. Needless to say my keyboard was a little wet after he died as some foreign asshole's prisoner. Disclaimer: I love this fucking game with a passion.

That being said, my main complaints are:

Educating heirs. I can have 30-something Learning and be doting over my Intelligent, Curious, Patient son who comes charging out of puberty with crayons in his mouth, barely able to read? I mean what the fuck? And my uneducated inbred 9th son will end up as an Elusive Shadow like, "Fucking sike!" and stab me in the head and kill me as soon as his balls drop out of his taint. It's funny when you're playing as the lunatic, feeble, hideous Emir Autismo ibn Abu-Cockmunch, but not so funny when you're King Fuck of Shit Mountain and you've got like 30 in every stat.

The war AI is very stupidly done and needlessly difficult.  War is the only thing in this game that makes me white-knuckle the mouse 100% of the time. You can be fighting Sheikh Babydick of the Vaginal Emirate who has 1000 levies, four knights, and a couple of cavalry divisions and when they see you coming they'll fucking book it, get on a boat and sail to India- and then your soldiers all die of attrition and they sail back and rape you. And for some reason, your allies always invariably huff a shitload of paint before battle or something and refuse to advance with you and abandon sieges at 999/1000.

Even when I'm attacking some dickhead with 2,000 soldiers and no allies, it's anxiety inducing as fuck because the AI is so annoying and they do shit like run in circles around a mountain or flee as soon as you start marching towards them, or suddenly their allies who were Pathetic in military strength show up with 10k dudes and smack the soap out of your hand.  The Papacy is especially bad about this and I hope it gets fixed. I understand if maybe Catholic rulers came to his aid, but the merc spam is so overpowered. I've literally attacked Rome with like 30k vs 6k and he'll somehow hire 50k mercenaries and immediately dickslap me.

Muslims are hard as fuck to play as, especially because the game forces you into partition for 3/4ths of the game. When I have four wives (and not taking four wives nets me a significant piety debuff), I can't not have 14-15 kids, half of them sons. You can't reasonably disinherit or kill most of them before they start squirting little assholes out of their cocks, so expanding past a kingdom into an empire so you have one dominant title for your firstborn to inherit is pretty much impossible. You never get far enough before you die. I repeatedly just give the fuck up on these saves after running in circles for decades trying to gain ground, it's pure horseshit. 

You can't even build tall and wait because every time you die there's a civil war and you have to go reclaim everything and spend years fixing your control again so your income is stable. As a Christian I can just request a divorce, or convince my one or two bonus sons to fuck off and go be monks or something. Islam: Born to Fuck, Forced to Give Away Land.

The fucking Byzantine Empire. I haven't played them, and probably will not ever purely out of spite. I thought they were stereotyped as a chaotic mess of civil wars? I've never had this happen in a game. They pretty much always blob out and end up controlling most of the map on an 867 start, it is supremely annoying. Minding my own business on the Horn of Africa and surprise! Basileus Assmaster IV is two yards away and has declared war on me with his dick already five feet up my ass. Every single time. I thought larger empires should be less stable and smaller empires should be more? Because it seems to be the reverse in this game.

Technology is way too hard to get. WAY too hard to get. I can have 40 learning and a 20-some stewardship Steward increasing development in my capital county (which always takes like 20 years to complete, making it even more useless) and it doesn't matter. I don't think I've ever had enough innovations to enter the next age when it began. I'm always getting assfucked by some German duke with mangonels on January 1st 900 while I'm sitting there jacking myself off waiting to get barracks. 

In conclusion: I love you PDX. DLC when???

I'm pretty sure technology takes into account the average development of every single county of your culture. Are you a large culture? Are your other counties not developed?

These are pretty funny and I agree, dlc when? But some are easy to solve!

Your child’s education depends more on the guardian’s primary stat for the education and whether they have genius/quick/etc. Learning doesn’t do much anyway. I’ve never gotten killed by my children tho lol.

Regarding Muslims (and others), if you control multiple baronies in one county, then your primary heir inherits all of them. Your kids can only inherit a barony if they control the whole county, so if you have a bunch of baronies in your capital, they all go to your primary heir. You can also retract baronies without tyranny...

JAJAJAJAJAJA, Jesús fucking Christ I have never laughed myself out loud so hard than when reading this post.  Yeah, all of your gripes are legit problems with the game, although in my experience the Byzantines are as dumb as rocks, focusing expansion into useless Khazaria while consistently losing to Chad Abassid in the Levant and Anatolia. Once they even merged with the HRE only to completely explode upon succession. And let's not even mention Asturias or the other Iberian Kingdoms. In my last CK3 playthrough as Scotia I had to take over in Iberia after they kept losing Holy Santiago and opening the floodgates to heresy everywhere. So yeah, AI BIG DUMB.

Ck2 byzantium is a hot mess of civil wars. Ck 3 as far as I know is not because the mechanics are not fully fleshed out for them yet. Expect future dlc

>When I have four wives (and not taking four wives nets me a significant piety debuff), I can't not have 14-15 kids, half of them sons.

Nobody said you have to marry four beautiful, young wives. If you're a dude following a polygamous religion things are a lot more stable if you take one wife who can give you heirs, then three other older or infertile women for the stats or alliances. 

You can change the search settings on the "find spouse" button from the default fertile to infertile, which helps a lot.

If you're playing as a female ruler with a polygamous religion then good luck, I hope you like piety penalties or being pregnant all the time, but that doesn't really apply to Muslim rulers.

Dude, learn to play.  Bye.

