Einarr Vagnsson's Saga

It is late summer in the year 869. In the hall of jarl Vagn of Småland, little Einarr, the son of jarl Vagn plays with some toys. Some men arrive at the hall, and Vagn offers them ale and bread. They tell the jarl that the locals speak of a troll, a hideous mythical creature, who run rampart in the surronding woods. 

Jarl Vagn consults his councilors, and desides to go out and search for the troll. He never returned. 

The men who had gone with Vagn come back and tell of what happened. Just two years after the famed year 867, jarl Vagn died, 22 winters old. 

The hall goes silent. The only sound comes from little Einarr playing with his toys. He is jarl Vagn's only son and heir. He is one winter old at the time. 

In his earliest years, Einarr made it very clear how he wanted things. His bossy behaviour lead one of his commanders to take him in and train him to lead men and win wars. 

Einarr grew up to become an ambitious man, but he was also arrogant. He was quick to anger, and many fell victim to his wrath. He also liked to write poetry, and did so from an early age. He was also bethroded to the daughter of Harald Tanglehair, Bergþóra, who was the same age as him. 

The young jarl wanted to sail out in viking, raid overseas, when he was 12 winters old. His councilers and guardian forbid him, so he let his men sail without him. A thousand men sailed from Sweden to England and the Kingdom of Wessex. The vikings sacked the church of Canterbury and went further up the Thames. While they were raiding a town, they were ambushed by anglo-saxon soldiers. The anglo-saxons were three times more and around 400 vikings met their fate at the end of the swords of Wessex. 

After the defeat in England, they sailed to the Kingdom of Lotharinga. A brief battle with the lotharingans took a heavy toll on the vikings, loosing 200 men, yet they won the battle, and managed to get some plunder with them home. Out of the 1000 that left, 400 returned, and with very little treasure to hold for it. Einarr was furious, but his men was needed in Norway and he sent them to aid Harald in his unification of Norway. 

The day of Einarr's 16th birthday was drawing near, and he was about to become a man. Some years earlier he had conquered some lands from the neighbouring Västergötland, and he was the strongest independent jarl in Sweden. He married his older sister to Sigurdr 'Snake-in-the-Eye's son, and formed an alliance with him, to secure his position as independent. Some time after his coming of age, he married Bergþóra Haraldsdottír, to further the alliance with jarl Harald. 

The young jarl found peace in his new wife and ruling of Småland for a while, but he grew restless. He gathered a force nearly twice as big as the first raiding force, and sailed to Ireland in viking. They pillaged and raped their way across Ireland, and returned home with much plunder. A year later, they went out again, this time to Francia. They made their landing in Eu, Neustria, and pillaged their way to Paris. This raiding made Einarr rich, and together with his warring in Norway, famous. But Einarr had gotten the taste of the rich and prosperous land in mainland Europe, and now he gathered men from far and wide to come with him to East Francia and settle their own land there. 

4000 men sailed with jarl Einarr Vagnsson to Ostfalen. The men of East Francia had heard about the viking raider from the north and feared his heathen army. Undisturbed, Einarr took the castles of Ostfalen. Growing tired of the endless sieges, Einar lead his men to face the defenders, and slaughtered them. The war was soon over, and on 24th of December, in the year 895, on the jólblót, Einarr declared himself the jarl of Ostfalen. 

His half sister had married the famous jarl Hæstein who had conquered a part of Iberia. Einarr aided Hæstein in defeating the various muslims and uprisings who were to come. He one time famously faced twice the amount of solidiers saying "It's only peasants" and emerged victorious. 

Einarr was called back to Sweden to help his brother-in-law fight against King Bjorn 'Ironside'. He helped in defeating the King's army in several battles. But suddenly, in the battle of Gävle, the famed warrior Cheiftain Ófeigr Ragnarsson managed to deal a mortal blow to Einarr. Jarl Einarr Vagnsson died  on the 3rd Desember in the year 901, 33 years old. As in one of his poems, Einarr died in the land he tried to escape all his life. 

Einarr's oldest son, Vagn Einarrsson now stand to inherit the jarldom of Ostfalen, himself only a child. What will become of him?

R5: A pretty long story about a character from a multiplayer game with a couple of friends, and how I managed to die twice before they had died once.

