Thoughts and observations 215 hours in.

Longer time ck2 player who got into the series around the time Old gods DLC came out. Now having put in a couple hundred on ck3 I figured i'd put down some random thoughts. 

Abducting popes and Byzantium emperors is cash money, a pope is 200 an emperor is 500 gold when you ransom them. With an intrigue focus you can abduct both at around 700 gold a cycle. 

Say you are torturing them as a pagan or anything not their religion it's an easy way to farm dread as well. 

Sometimes I amuse myself by abducting the pope, torturing him, ransoming him and then murdering him. repeat, there is no reason not to. No one has ever declared war on me for murdering popes down to the point where the pope was 23. 

I do the same to the Byzantium empire where I will abduct the emperor ransmon him for 500 and then start a murder scheme. Meanwhile using the second scheme option I'm abducting their heir to do the same thing. the heir stays in jail until the father is dead, i ransom him out and murder him in due time. 

Why the hell can I not antagonize other rulers? why can I only sway them? 
I've cucked, murdered, abducted and raped my way across europe, africa and asia and no one ever retaliates. What the hell does one need to do to piss off the AI so much they declare on me out of hate? 

Adding some sort of CB around this could be interesting. Such as you cuck a ruler and his heir is actually one of 23 children you've created, you've seduce his 16 yo daughter and gave her herpes and murdered all of his sons. Let there be some sort of revenge CB in the game, a running family feud that gets passed down generations between two dynasties.  capulet vs Montague 

armies are weird in ck3, I miss flanks and moving units to be under various commanders on the flanks due to their skills, I hope this add this in at some point. 
I do like the maps however and what they have done with the counties and the sort. 

raiding for the captives is easy money, burning across low value tribes won't give you much gold but the ransom you pick up from prisoners can be real nice when combined with pope abductions. if these prisoners are not ransomable yet of another religion murdering and torturing them is an easy way to farm some dread to keep your vassals in their place without getting any tyranny. 

The norse raiding dynasty tree is also amazing to use on this above strategy. 

The seduction tree is fun. If you happen to pick up an std, as you probably will, you can infest entire dynasties\realms with vd. king of france got you down? give his lover or wife vd and wait for him to come down with it. happen to be a gay man? seduce his son and give it to him or the pope, because why not? Overall it seems more useful to do as a focus as a female ruler. 

diplomacy and selling off hooks is money all day long, the AI cannot keep it's dick in it's pants. those hooks add up quick, great way to finance a castle upgrade. 

nude albinos 

muslims rulers feel meh 

witch covens are kinda great, easy way to farm trait points

