Considering going back to CK2

I got CK3 several months ago, have played it quite a lot, but I'm just not finding it as fun as CK2. The game is too easy—i.e., it is too easy for your plans to work out, and half the fun of CK2 was when your well-made plan goes to shit because of an inopportune death or betrayal. The other half is the stories, and I just don't get the stories I used to with CK2 from CK3—the king who goes mad and leads his country to ruin, the daughter who is captured and turned into an enemy's concubine, the king who is killed by his own wife while raping her. CK3 just seems a little “less” than CK2. Anyone else feel this way?

It'll take a good few DLC's to be on a par with CK2, for me anyway. You've gotta think how many years have gone into that game, and how much has been added.

Base game CK3 was never going to have as much in it, but it'll get there.

I keep seeing posts like this but i don't get it what is so easy about CK3? In CK 2 i could go from a random count to an emperor in a generation, in CK3 i've been trying to make a reconquista playthrough in the earlier start and the game just kicks my butt

I've tried going back to CK2 but I just couldnt do it, I've played CK3 so much that I've forgotten how CK2 works, Especially the development and boat system. And after having my ruler look 3d for so long, I absolutely despise CK2s portrait and ui

Imo Ck2 is easier becuase you can rush primo and not have to deal with fractured realms ever.

I entirely understand what you feel in regards to CK3. Ck2 was so much better at driving player narratives than CK3. And I don't quite think it's just the lack of flavor, I think it's the manner in which events are presented to the player and how reliable player actions can be. Everything feels not only the same, but incredibly consistent to me. 

Ironically, despite CK3's attempt to make things like religion and lifestyles more dynamic, the game is more stagnant and unchanging than it's predecessor. The degree of change and chaos compared to Ck2 is stark.

I wish CK2 had the 3D portraits and the stress system of CK3, but otherwise I think it's superior to its successor in every way.

Imo CK2 was easier, I could just put powerful vassals on the council to prevent them joining factions, making rebellions very rare, and even if there were a rebellion, I could just use jew money to crush it. In Ck3, you can't do this. You have dread, but otherwise, if you're in a Regency, you're going to have a rebellion guaranteed. There's no way of dealing with it either, unless you have loads of money lying around for mercs.

Ck2 had years of work put into it. It's going to take awhile for ck3 to surpass it. It's in a good place to do so

Am I the only one who is super creeped out by the examples the OP chose to focus on? Not enough sexual abuse in CK3 for you, huh?

Yeah I felt that way after playing ck3 for like two weeks...

Same here, I has not been able to stand CK3 more than few hours every time I try, because it feels easier and "emptier" than CK2.

Yeah after putting a bunch of hours in both Im at an unhappy spot with both. CK2 has way richer content and CK3 feels very vanilla but CK3 has a smooth running game engine and sexy character models. I dont want to play CK3 cause content is severly lacking and I cant stand CK2 anymore because of how ugly and laggy it is.

Idk man. CK3 is slowly but steadily becoming a match for CK2. When Royal Court comes out, the tables will probably be turned.

Oh yeah. I had 700 hours in CK2 and tried CK3 for 30 before I went back. Up to 1k+ hours now lol
I think CK3 has the potential and it'll get there but right now it's just not as good. It doesn't help that the development is moving so slowly right now.

