ck3 criticism

It might seem controversial because I haven't seen many people bitch about ck3. I'll keep it short, ck3 is dumbed down. No amount of dlc can save shallow fundamental mechanics of base game. Personally, I grabbed ck3 after royal court dropped and found it not lacking but annoying and boring in many ways. 

1. My main problem is with technology and culture being intertwined. Rather than choosing a province or realm tech spread system which is far more interactive and less tedious than waiting for hard caps on when you can research something or not, they went for culture. Restrictive and slow not to mention completely stupid. For example, you are an English count in Gloster with Gloster being English and you have some Welsh land. Assuming you have the technology to build tier 2 buildings in your culture why can't you build them in your own Welsh land? Do you and your court and people suddenly forget everything about those techs when walking off the English culture lands? Is it dark magic? Do you have to kill all your architects when you cross between different cultural borders? Fortunately flogi's tech mod overhauls this bullshit and gives us that realm base system.

2. Events are too long, boring, annoying and repetitive. Specially in royal court, I don't give a shit about Teo random courtiers squabbling game. Why are there so many opinion related events popping up every good damn 10 seconds! Utterly useless in nature.

3. In ck2, there was a good point attached to sins like greedy giving you 10% more tax income. However in ck3  sins are only there to allow your stress bar not going too high after killing someone you killed your wife and children, raped and murdered your people and stole your land and money. "But I'm a just character uwu" shut up Timmy and kill that man without adding 2 levels of stress and dying a day after.

4. There are currently no realm wide laws other than crown authority. I like vassal contracts but I want some other laws which applies to all of the realm. 

5. Playing tall is possible in this game but if you want to be afk for the whole game because of technology and restrictive ways of adding development.

6. Why did they deleted ships from the game again? Ah,  yes, they were too complicated for newbies. Now, how do vikings carry their loot back, they must have huge buttholes.
 
That's what frustrated me the most about ck3 and I saw no one complaining so I took the mantle. Thanks for reading my rant

I agree with a few of these.

cool

2) The more you play, the more you see that. I'm still finding some new events and getting old. CK2 was no different. As to why there are so many opinion events, that's what holding court was. You would please some and enrage others. It's a little simple but that's no different from morality systems in other games. It's psycho, angelic and meh.

Greedy gives you 5% more taxes, stress loss/gain for certain actions and higher income per stress level. So, IDK what that's about. 

4) Such as? I agree that there could be way more flavor when it comes to laws and that succession is horrible. But I also have no specific idea

