good lord do the devs know the limits of compassion

I'm playing as a king with compassionate and trusting I'm not even exaggerating when I say if I watched my daughter get raped then I imprisoned the guy that did it and tortured him I would be more upset about torturing him then watching my daughter get violated  it doesn't even go both ways either cause if I was kind to him he could be like "after all I've done you still haven't killed me yet? Your such a fool" and I still get stressed out compassionate literally has no positives
Being nice shouldn't mean I need to pop antidepressants for killing a damn murderer

I think there's nothing wrong with char traits themselves but the game could use a trait mutation system to make these kind of situations make more sense. A trait would be "tested" and if a character continues to push it it breaks, character gains a stress level and the trait is replaced with something else. Tie it to events so that traits break easier in some outcomes (like the raped daughter example), and you've got a system where ptsd can turn saints into monsters, and a streak of luck may make a villain repent for his crimes.

eh If you were a very compassionate person, you still might go through with it, but you might have pretty mixed emotions after the fact

I think it's translates well what being compassionate means. It's not like you're forbidden to commit the execution, but you'll feel bad about it, even if it's the guy who raped your daughter. That's what compassion is. As the great JC himself would put it:  “Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing.”

I didn’t even know this game had rape in it

I think it would be good if they took a relook at traits and buffed/added some event things to some of them.

By Jesus, “And unto him that smiteth thee on the one cheek offer also the other.” Thus if that guy raped your daughter, let him also rape your son.

That's what compassionate means.

Yeah when traits like compassionate, just, shy, forgiving actively kill the player at every decision, something is going haywire.

A genuinely compassionate person could/would never torture anyone.

Lock them up for life, sure. Execute them? maybe. But torture is on a whole other level of horribleness. Anyone who isn't mentally disturbed would have serious issues with torturing ANYONE, regardless of what they did. Only a psychopath can listen to someone, or even an animal, scream out in pain and feel absolutely nothing.

[deleted]

The thing is, in today's society most people that think they're compassionate and empathic - really aren't. Most people that think they're nice, in actuality aren't.

There is a bit of an exaggeration in the game in both the Compassionate and, say, the Shy trait, but there's also the factor many people today think they know what being Compassionate is when they really don't.

Take politics for an example. Right leaning people will think they're compassionate because of their religious values, until they meet a Satanist that seeks to demolish all they stand for. Left leaning people think they're compassionate because of their hyper empathy for some kids in the middle east, until they meet a conservative.

Reality is most people today that think they're compassionate, really aren't, and are just posers riding imaginary high horses.

Yes, a compassionate person would be stressed out committing pain and spreading death onto any other living human, compassion and empathy aren't something you can just flip a switch on and turn it off when someone's committed something abhorrent.

You can't *choose* whom you're going to be compassionate towards, because then you're not really compassionate.

